[SPEAKER_07]: Sky, and Loki.
[SPEAKER_07]: Tonight, May 8, 2011, Sony is on day 18 of PlayStation Network outage, has a dev kit for the next Xbox been spotted at a game developer, and Club Nintendo makes a controversial change to their privacy policy.
[SPEAKER_11]: Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's the show where every gamer has a voice.
[SPEAKER_11]: My name is Rob Roberts.
[SPEAKER_11]: I'll be joining you over the next few hours here live with my co-host with me.
[SPEAKER_11]: Of course the one, the only, the awesome DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
[SPEAKER_02]: Heck yeah.
[SPEAKER_11]: How are you doing?
[SPEAKER_02]: Awesome.
[SPEAKER_11]: And also very humble might I add.
[SPEAKER_02]: Heck yeah.
[SPEAKER_11]: TechMasterLoki
[SPEAKER_11]: Hi.
[SPEAKER_11]: Ooh, Shiny, another game, I'll go play that I mean, there's so much out there to play There's so many games that come out every week I mean, not just, like, you know, in retail But you have the download games that are available Well, you know, were available on one console And, you know, so on and so forth There's just so much to play PC and so on I don't always get around to everything But, yeah, I actually played Portal 2 to completion and beat it Yay!
[SPEAKER_11]: So, I feel accomplished I don't know why
[SPEAKER_11]: Also, it's short.
[SPEAKER_11]: That helps.
[SPEAKER_02]: Rob.
[SPEAKER_11]: What?
[SPEAKER_02]: The potato is not a lie.
[SPEAKER_11]: I don't want to spoil it because I know there's some people that still haven't played it.
[SPEAKER_11]: I have to say, the ending, well, I lulled at the very, very, very, very end.
[SPEAKER_11]: But for the rest of it, I was kind of like, oh, that's it?
[SPEAKER_11]: I thought there was going to be a little bit more.
[SPEAKER_11]: But I think something in my head, I made up a plot point in my head that didn't come to fruition.
[SPEAKER_11]: And I think that's why I was a little bit like, oh...
[SPEAKER_11]: I see.
[SPEAKER_11]: I was a little let down because I wasn't right on that point.
[SPEAKER_11]: I was right on everything else, but then when the other thing didn't come true, I was like, oh, I guess I can't tell the future after all.
[SPEAKER_11]: Alright, anyhow, join us in our chatroom, chat.orangelandreda.com as we do tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com right after the Bobby Blackwolf show.
[SPEAKER_11]: DarkSakura.com
[SPEAKER_02]: Portal 2, Bejeweled
[SPEAKER_02]: for real because it's supposed to actually drop enough blocks that eventually it just the game will crash on you well not crash but the game will just end because you don't have any more moves and that never happened so finally I just said forget it and went to bed and then I played Peggle yay Peggle
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_14]: I've played that too.
[SPEAKER_11]: There hasn't been a PopCap WoW marriage in a while.
[SPEAKER_11]: Well, I mean, I guess there was the Peace Bloom vs. Ghouls or whatever.
[SPEAKER_11]: Yeah, where was that?
[SPEAKER_14]: Because I haven't done that.
[SPEAKER_11]: Oh, it's in Hillsbrad Mountains.
[SPEAKER_11]: Do you know where Terran Mill is?
[SPEAKER_11]: It's not far from there.
[SPEAKER_02]: I've been going around actually looking for Easter eggs.
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, except I don't have the, um, the, uh... Yes?
[SPEAKER_02]: All the Cataclysm one yet.
[SPEAKER_02]: Because I skipped the Underwater Kingdom.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I've just recently gone back so I could get my Exalted with them.
[SPEAKER_02]: And now I'm just like, people take me on Heroics, please.
[SPEAKER_11]: Well, I don't want to turn this too much into the WoW show because I already have a spinoff show for WoW.
[SPEAKER_11]: But I do want to quickly say, you know, just even today, you do find new stuff in the game once in a while.
[SPEAKER_11]: And that's kind of the fun thing about a virtual world.
[SPEAKER_11]: No matter what MMO you play, I think this can really be expanded to any MMO out there.
[SPEAKER_11]: Rift, Star Trek, whatever it is you play.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's always fun to sometimes just go explore and find new things.
[SPEAKER_11]: Even just today, Salacious Pop was like, Hey, Rob, I see this house here I've never seen before.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's not really on the map or anything.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's just up here in the hill.
[SPEAKER_11]: And this guy wants junk boxes.
[SPEAKER_11]: I can't figure out what he's for.
[SPEAKER_11]: So sometimes you find random stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: Did you find the place where the animals have weapons?
[SPEAKER_11]: No, where's that?
[SPEAKER_02]: I'll find it during the course of the show, but there's a place that's like the only way you can get there is if you have a flying mount.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I think at the part that you're normally there, you don't have one.
[SPEAKER_02]: Actually, if I'm right, I think it's the Tauren starting area.
[SPEAKER_02]: But it's one place up at the top of the map that you can only get there with a flying mount.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then randomly, different animals are wearing helmets.
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay, the prairie dogs wear helmets and carry knives.
[SPEAKER_02]: The rabbits carry battle axes.
[SPEAKER_02]: And the rats wear skull helmets.
[SPEAKER_02]: and carry two double-barreled shotguns.
[SPEAKER_11]: That's kind of awesome.
[SPEAKER_02]: And they get bigger and then all of a sudden they'll shrink down and go to normal size.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I'm also going to try to wake up early in the morning and do the Goldshire Children thing.
[SPEAKER_11]: The only Easter egg area I've really explored was the one... It's right outside Stormwind.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's up in the hills.
[SPEAKER_11]: And there's all these sheep.
[SPEAKER_11]: Just tons and tons of sheep that you can kill for the critter achievement.
[SPEAKER_11]: And if you kill them all, though, the guy comes out of his house and he goes, What's wrong with you?
[SPEAKER_11]: That's just wrong.
[SPEAKER_11]: He starts yelling at you about what a bastard you are.
[SPEAKER_02]: There's another place... But you kill sheep.
[SPEAKER_02]: There's another place that has...
[SPEAKER_02]: And this will be the end of it.
[SPEAKER_02]: This one was one I thought was really nice.
[SPEAKER_02]: There's a monument and a dwarf in red named Roush kneeling in front of it.
[SPEAKER_02]: And it reads, rest in peace, Anthony T. Stark.
[SPEAKER_02]: People were calling that the Iron Man thing, but it's not.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was actually for a guy who was a friend of the developers.
[SPEAKER_02]: And Roush was his character, the dwarf.
[SPEAKER_02]: So they made him an NPC.
[SPEAKER_11]: Very cool.
[SPEAKER_02]: I thought that was a nice gesture.
[SPEAKER_14]: And a smiley face.
[SPEAKER_11]: I'll say this about another MMO, Final Fantasy XI.
[SPEAKER_11]: You know, I played that for many years before I played WoW.
[SPEAKER_11]: One of the things I used to really like about that is that I really like the ambience of that game.
[SPEAKER_11]: You know, the graphics are more first person.
[SPEAKER_11]: I mean, they can be third person depending on how you play.
[SPEAKER_11]: But I just really liked exploring areas in that game because there were some really beautiful areas and great music.
[SPEAKER_11]: and because of the way the game was designed you wouldn't always like see every area for a long time so as you were progressing which could sometimes take months and months you would find these new areas and hear new music and it was just really cool I mean it was a frustrating ass grind that's why I was so disappointed that 14 was such garbage I mean sorry to say what's going to happen to 14 we haven't heard of what's going on there in a while I don't know if they're going to try to reboot or what I don't know
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_14]: And not as pain in the ass as a grind.
[SPEAKER_11]: Well, they did change a lot of stuff in XI since you and I left.
[SPEAKER_11]: Like, the level syncing thing is huge.
[SPEAKER_11]: But there's only so much you can cram into an old engine.
[SPEAKER_11]: And that's where Warcraft's starting to have that problem.
[SPEAKER_02]: I want much different outfits.
[SPEAKER_02]: Seriously.
[SPEAKER_02]: There's so many different armors that change your look in World of Warcraft.
[SPEAKER_02]: But really, in Final Fantasy XI, it's just like...
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, I'm wearing the bondage gear.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, now I'm wearing white mage robes.
[SPEAKER_02]: They're just very few new things.
[SPEAKER_02]: And you can tell what anybody is by looking at them.
[SPEAKER_11]: And the other problem XIV had was that it tried to change it up too much.
[SPEAKER_11]: Like, instead of being just a white mage and a black mage, now you could be a gladiator or a theramaterge.
[SPEAKER_11]: Like, what?
[SPEAKER_11]: That's not why I play Final Fantasy, to be a fucking theramaterge.
[SPEAKER_12]: And seriously, what is the point of having the same races but changing the names?
[SPEAKER_12]: That was retarded.
[SPEAKER_12]: Silly.
[SPEAKER_11]: Anyway, okay, enough MMO ranting.
[SPEAKER_11]: Let's talk about other games.
[SPEAKER_12]: By the way, I must say that my wife's character, well, before she had the hairdo change, but she looked like Mel's Taro Taro at one point.
[SPEAKER_12]: Actually, no, she does look like Mel's Taro Taro now.
[SPEAKER_11]: Wait, wait, your wife had a Final Fantasy XI character?
[SPEAKER_12]: No, I'm saying she's playing Animal Crossing.
[SPEAKER_12]: Her character in Animal Crossing looks like Mel's little Taro Taro because Mel looked like a little grandma.
[SPEAKER_11]: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
[SPEAKER_12]: That always cracked me up.
[SPEAKER_11]: Awesome.
[SPEAKER_11]: There are those days.
[SPEAKER_11]: I'll see those sales on Steam where it's like, Final Fantasy XI is only $20 for the uber mega OMG I can't believe it version.
[SPEAKER_11]: And I'm like, I kind of want to go back.
[SPEAKER_11]: I kind of want to go back.
[SPEAKER_02]: Resist, resist.
[SPEAKER_11]: I will, I will.
[SPEAKER_11]: All right, anyhow.
[SPEAKER_11]: Loki, how was your gaming week?
[SPEAKER_11]: What have you been playing?
[SPEAKER_11]: Only really three things.
[SPEAKER_11]: Wait, more importantly, the chat room wants to know for the betting pool tonight, what food did you bring to the show?
[SPEAKER_11]: I brought a Carl's Jr.
[SPEAKER_11]: Western burger.
[SPEAKER_11]: There you go.
[SPEAKER_11]: I don't think anyone guessed Carl's Jr., so we got a lot of losers in chat tonight.
[SPEAKER_12]: I had a Red Bull last night because I was up until 4.30.
[SPEAKER_12]: It's still the color of pee.
[SPEAKER_11]: It is, but it keeps you awake.
[SPEAKER_11]: I don't care.
[SPEAKER_11]: It makes my brain function.
[SPEAKER_11]: All right.
[SPEAKER_11]: Video games.
[SPEAKER_11]: What have you been playing this week?
[SPEAKER_11]: Breakman in our chat asks, what's a Carl's Jr.?
[SPEAKER_11]: If you're on the East Coast, I think they call it Hardee's.
[SPEAKER_11]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_11]: Same thing.
[SPEAKER_12]: Anyways, I played Portal 2, a lot of Portal 2, and progressing nicely through it.
[SPEAKER_12]: See, I started off on the 360, but I decided, you know...
[SPEAKER_12]: Here's how it went down.
[SPEAKER_12]: It's not technically piracy, because I do own a copy of it.
[SPEAKER_12]: Just I'm not playing the copy that I bought.
[SPEAKER_12]: So I have the 360 copy.
[SPEAKER_12]: I have the PS3 copy that I got for free through my work, which has the PC Steam copy.
[SPEAKER_12]: But as you know, PlayStation Network is down, so I can't download my Steam copy.
[SPEAKER_12]: So I pirated the PC copy, and I'm playing that.
[SPEAKER_12]: So technically I own it on PC.
[SPEAKER_12]: I just am not playing that copy.
[SPEAKER_12]: But who cares?
[SPEAKER_12]: I'm enjoying it just fine on my laptop because it runs very, very great.
[SPEAKER_12]: I can max out everything.
[SPEAKER_12]: And...
[SPEAKER_12]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_12]: Okay, so then beyond Portal, I've been playing Unpleasant Horse, which is awesome.
[SPEAKER_12]: Especially throwing little flying horses into meat grinders.
[SPEAKER_12]: And then, of course, Grand Theft Auto.
[SPEAKER_12]: That's it.
[SPEAKER_11]: Of course, it just wouldn't be a Loki week without Grand Theft Auto.
[SPEAKER_12]: We always play Grand Theft Auto.
[SPEAKER_11]: So just reiterating the same stuff.
[SPEAKER_11]: I beat Portal 2, as I said at the top of the show.
[SPEAKER_11]: That was a big accomplishment.
[SPEAKER_11]: Still need to work on co-op.
[SPEAKER_11]: Miklatov, I know you're listening.
[SPEAKER_11]: You need to work on co-op.
[SPEAKER_11]: I'll join you if... Will you?
[SPEAKER_12]: Well, I've got my PS3 copy.
[SPEAKER_12]: I'll join you once the network comes back up.
[SPEAKER_11]: Yeah, screw Miklatov.
[SPEAKER_11]: We'll do it.
[SPEAKER_11]: All right.
[SPEAKER_11]: Sounds good.
[SPEAKER_11]: Anyhow, let's see what else I've been playing.
[SPEAKER_11]: Or can't you do split screen?
[SPEAKER_11]: You can, but one of our controllers, PS3 controllers, is still in a box.
[SPEAKER_12]: Oh, well how can we get it out of this impenetrable cardboard box?
[SPEAKER_12]: Oh, if only there were a way to break into the fortress that is the cardboard box.
[SPEAKER_11]: Look, you dick, it's in a box.
[SPEAKER_11]: We don't know which box it's in.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's like playing a game show.
[SPEAKER_12]: Well, there's a very simple solution to that.
[SPEAKER_11]: One box has the PSN controller, the other box has the lube.
[SPEAKER_11]: We don't know which box it's in.
[SPEAKER_12]: You rip open all the boxes, dump them on the floor, and then you'll find it.
[SPEAKER_12]: That's it.
[SPEAKER_11]: Dirty Laundry
[SPEAKER_12]: Of course!
[SPEAKER_12]: You buy them nice things and they don't appreciate it.
[SPEAKER_12]: That's a cat for you.
[SPEAKER_02]: I was telling Rob earlier, I got Shermie this really nice series of cat beds that she'd just ignore.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then I pick up this one for $13 on sale and it's her favorite thing.
[SPEAKER_12]: Just give it time.
[SPEAKER_12]: It is super comfy though.
[SPEAKER_11]: I know these things take time.
[SPEAKER_12]: It's like my cat, I got her a nice new bed and she was scared of it because it looked like a cat.
[SPEAKER_02]: Shermie, do you like your bed?
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, Dan says in the other room she slept on a box.
[SPEAKER_02]: She slept on a box?
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: Dirty Laundry
[SPEAKER_11]: No, you know what they use when there's no dirty laundry?
[SPEAKER_11]: They use my chair.
[SPEAKER_11]: Oh.
[SPEAKER_11]: That's what they do.
[SPEAKER_11]: Anyway, I don't want to talk about cats.
[SPEAKER_11]: I want to talk about games.
[SPEAKER_11]: But I also want to talk about this comment.
[SPEAKER_11]: Miglatov just IM me.
[SPEAKER_11]: He's like, well, just tell me when you want to play Portal 2 and I'll play.
[SPEAKER_11]: But he also said, apparently I missed the remark about I'd go back for $5 to Final Fantasy XI if you would too.
[SPEAKER_11]: Kind of like a suicide pact.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, sad.
[SPEAKER_11]: I like that reference.
[SPEAKER_12]: Oh man, if I had the time.
[SPEAKER_11]: I know, right?
[SPEAKER_11]: Just for good old times.
[SPEAKER_11]: Let's just go not have a life again.
[SPEAKER_12]: And that's like so, I don't know, nonconformist because everybody's like, MMO?
[SPEAKER_12]: Wow.
[SPEAKER_12]: Fuck that, we're going to Final Fantasy XI.
[SPEAKER_12]: What?
[SPEAKER_11]: It's like, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_11]: I miss Grandma Taru.
[SPEAKER_11]: Okay, look, other games I've played.
[SPEAKER_11]: Speaking of Final Fantasy, I'm still playing Final Fantasy IV on the PSP.
[SPEAKER_11]: I play it for like 30 minutes before I go to bed every night.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's a nice little way to kind of, you know, rest before bed.
[SPEAKER_11]: Of course, I love that game on the Super Nintendo, so of course I love the PSN port.
[SPEAKER_11]: And I'm doing kind of the Jamie thing where I have to play it chronologically.
[SPEAKER_11]: Like, you know, where you guys are doing the Final Fantasy marathon.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_11]: well I'm starting with 4 and then I'll play the interlude and then I'll play After Years finally which I played like a little bit of on the Wii but I want to play it on the PSP because I love the new graphics and it really is just a great looking game and I hope people didn't overlook it because it came out the same week as Portal because that would just be I really want 5 and 6 to come out hey find us a Portal
[SPEAKER_11]: Exactly.
[SPEAKER_11]: Shiny.
[SPEAKER_11]: Otherwise... Can't play Portal on a PSP.
[SPEAKER_11]: That's most... Yeah, that's true.
[SPEAKER_11]: You can't play Portal in bed.
[SPEAKER_12]: Well, actually, you probably could play Portal on a PSP if they hacked the...
[SPEAKER_12]: StarCraft 2
[SPEAKER_11]: StarCraft 2 Red Alert
[SPEAKER_11]: StarCraft series is really like the old Warcraft games
[SPEAKER_11]: Just, you know, I'm sure StarCraft fans get driven bonkers when I say that, but really at its core, it's kind of what it is.
[SPEAKER_11]: You know, collection, build buildings, build units, attack, kill, destroy, and so forth.
[SPEAKER_11]: So, that was my gaming week.
[SPEAKER_11]: Join us in our chatroom at chat.orangeloungeradio.com if you want to chat with us with tonight's news.
[SPEAKER_11]: We'll be reading random comments in chat throughout the show.
[SPEAKER_11]: SilverSonic in our chatroom, for example, says, didn't you mean on Twitter that you played Minecraft?
[SPEAKER_11]: I played that last week.
[SPEAKER_11]: My review on Minecraft was last week.
[SPEAKER_11]: And let me put it this way.
[SPEAKER_11]: I didn't play it again this week.
[SPEAKER_11]: This is Rob's Review.
[SPEAKER_12]: If Minecraft weren't, say, little pixelated blocks and they were Legos, would that make the game more appealing?
[SPEAKER_11]: I love the little Lego builder.
[SPEAKER_11]: I love that app.
[SPEAKER_11]: You can download this thing on the PC.
[SPEAKER_11]: I think I mentioned this last week.
[SPEAKER_11]: You can make your own little Lego things and then actually have them ship to you instructions on how to build it, because the computer program remembers how you built it, and I guess a logic thing, and they will send you all the appropriate bricks.
[SPEAKER_11]: So it's like this thing for people to do 8-bit sprites in Legos.
[SPEAKER_12]: That sounds more interesting to me than Minecraft.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's way more interesting than Minecraft, actually, because I get something tangible out of it.
[SPEAKER_12]: Not to knock people that spend a lot of time making stuff in Minecraft, but you know what would be awesome with Minecraft?
[SPEAKER_12]: If you combine Minecraft, the world, and being able to build everything like that with ZZT, where you can actually make your own games.
[SPEAKER_11]: Fuck yes, I would be all over that shit.
[SPEAKER_11]: Oh my god, now we're talking.
[SPEAKER_11]: I'm just shocked that there's Minecraft podcasts and all this stuff.
[SPEAKER_14]: I've watched videos of people like, this is my basement.
[SPEAKER_11]: I want to support all indie podcasters, so look, I'm not knocking it.
[SPEAKER_11]: If you're into that, that's awesome.
[SPEAKER_11]: I feel so not cool for not understanding Minecraft.
[SPEAKER_11]: Thanks for watching!
[SPEAKER_12]: and you know if I ever came across you know an extra 12 hours in a day where I could just sit there and build in Minecraft then yeah that might be a fun game for me but I just don't have the time although if you want to like say port that over Nintendo and put some Animal Crossing characters in that and sell it to my wife then I might get to play it a little bit more
[SPEAKER_11]: Alright, going to our chatroom at chat.orangelogicator.com for some comments.
[SPEAKER_11]: Kaijudo in our chatroom says, To understand Minecraft, you have to get the pay version.
[SPEAKER_11]: It has a lot more.
[SPEAKER_11]: The free version is a joke.
[SPEAKER_11]: But yeah, but if the free version isn't that great, then it doesn't really make me want to get the pay version.
[SPEAKER_11]: But I get it.
[SPEAKER_11]: Let's see.
[SPEAKER_11]: I apologize if I mispronounce this, but Entitilus says, What's the name of that 8-bit Zelda clone on the PS3 that came out a while back?
[SPEAKER_11]: That was 3D.com.
[SPEAKER_11]: Heroes.
[SPEAKER_11]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_11]: That game was cool.
[SPEAKER_11]: I want another one of those.
[SPEAKER_11]: I'm surprised I never got sued.
[SPEAKER_11]: Let's see.
[SPEAKER_11]: BlackWolf in our chatroom says, It's okay, Rob.
[SPEAKER_11]: I don't understand WoW.
[SPEAKER_11]: Yet some people do WoW podcasts, too.
[SPEAKER_12]: No, I'm with you, BlackWolf.
[SPEAKER_12]: I don't understand WoW either, but you know what?
[SPEAKER_11]: It's because you guys just aren't cool.
[SPEAKER_11]: I'm sorry to say it.
[SPEAKER_11]: Like, you know, I'm not... I still like you guys.
[SPEAKER_11]: You're just not cool.
[SPEAKER_12]: I just... I never understand... You know, just from looking at the outside in my...
[SPEAKER_12]: S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_11]: Here's the thing about WoW.
[SPEAKER_11]: I'll just sum it up as fast as I can.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's really about the people that I play with that keep me doing it.
[SPEAKER_11]: Because if the people weren't there that I was playing with, I would have canceled my account a long time ago.
[SPEAKER_11]: I got really close this past week.
[SPEAKER_11]: Oh my god.
[SPEAKER_11]: I got so frustrated at something in the game, I really wanted to cancel my account.
[SPEAKER_11]: But I kind of have that podcast now, and there's also the community of people I really like that also play it.
[SPEAKER_11]: and that's probably why the Minecraft people do their thing because they've got a community too but I'm just not able to be in that community because I'm a terrible terrible terrible artist
[SPEAKER_11]: That's what it is.
[SPEAKER_12]: Well, I'm just saying, you know, the best little taro house in Vanadil is not that bad of a name either.
[SPEAKER_12]: All right.
[SPEAKER_11]: Let's move on.
[SPEAKER_11]: We need to get to some gaming news.
[SPEAKER_11]: Quickly, housekeeping.
[SPEAKER_11]: Visit our website, OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
[SPEAKER_11]: Join us on Facebook, Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge.
[SPEAKER_11]: And we're also on Twitter as OLR.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's like we have a different username everywhere.
[SPEAKER_11]: Sorry about that, but it's kind of a long name.
[SPEAKER_11]: All right, let's get to some gaming news once again.
[SPEAKER_11]: I think y'all know where we're going to go tonight right off the bat.
[SPEAKER_11]: Let's talk about the Atari.
[SPEAKER_11]: Fucking love Atari.
[SPEAKER_11]: Combat rocks.
[SPEAKER_12]: Station.com, part of Sony Online.
[SPEAKER_12]: Apparently, Sony Online has gone down.
[SPEAKER_12]: They suspended their services after they discovered an issue.
[SPEAKER_12]: That issue being that their network was also infiltrated as part of that PlayStation Network infiltration from hackers.
[SPEAKER_12]: Apparently, also, they...
[SPEAKER_12]: lost 12,700 credit card account numbers and 24.6 million accounts were compromised that sucks and of course they're letting everybody know no this wasn't a second attack it was just part of the first attack yeah that makes it all better you know that they got it one swoop instead of twice because twice would just be ridiculous now wouldn't it um
[SPEAKER_12]: So yeah, that does suck.
[SPEAKER_12]: And they really haven't said what they're doing, at least on the Sony Online side.
[SPEAKER_12]: I mean, I know there's a lot of stuff we'll be getting into about the PlayStation Network, but yeah, that sucks.
[SPEAKER_12]: And of course, I think for the people that are playing the games on there, I think you're getting a free month or something.
[SPEAKER_12]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's just kind of interesting that this all comes out the week that, oh yeah, we're going to get the system back online.
[SPEAKER_11]: Oh shit, we got hacked more.
[SPEAKER_12]: But here's the thing, though.
[SPEAKER_12]: It was from an outdated database, they said, from 2007.
[SPEAKER_12]: And it says, of the 12,700 total, 4,300, I guess, were from Japan.
[SPEAKER_12]: And then, I guess, some more from other European countries.
[SPEAKER_12]: They're saying, though, that...
[SPEAKER_12]: that the US credit and debit card numbers and expiration dates not the security codes were part of that database I actually have kind of a crazy question has anyone asked this question of Sony yet?
[SPEAKER_11]: I'm not sure but I've got to put it out there why the fuck did they have credit card information from 2007?
[SPEAKER_11]: why are they not required by law to purge that information?
[SPEAKER_11]: why do they need it?
[SPEAKER_11]: you don't need credit card information from 2007 do you?
[SPEAKER_11]: I mean, maybe they need it for tax banking, balance purposes.
[SPEAKER_12]: It might be a server backup or something like that.
[SPEAKER_12]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_11]: Well, I don't care.
[SPEAKER_11]: You should have to purge that by law.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't understand.
[SPEAKER_02]: The only benefit of keeping information on this just comes from working with loans is that you can go back and find issues where people have done fraud and you have to track back data that far.
[SPEAKER_12]: But at the same time, a lot of places will have server warehouses or backups or whatever.
[SPEAKER_12]: They'll pay a third-party company to backup everything in another branch somewhere.
[SPEAKER_12]: I know our company, I roll my eyes every time they mention something like this.
[SPEAKER_12]: They have a place in Arizona that's like a...
[SPEAKER_12]: A place that other companies send their data.
[SPEAKER_12]: In case something catastrophic happens and the company is incinerated, at least all this data is backed up in Arizona, in a mountain, something like that.
[SPEAKER_12]: A little crazy, but hey, if a company as small as ours is doing something like that...
[SPEAKER_12]: Sony should be storing it in the bottom of a volcano in the middle of some sort of evil lair in the ocean or something or in the bottom of an iceberg in Antarctica or something.
[SPEAKER_12]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_12]: Also, DarkSakura, you worked for a bank, right?
[SPEAKER_02]: I worked for a mortgage company owned by a bank.
[SPEAKER_02]: a financial institution needing that information for that long I get that way more than I do Sony needing that information Sony is not a financial institution I think having the information backed up on a separate server is one thing having it still an active memory for lack of a better description that's kind of dumb
[SPEAKER_02]: I can see holding on to the information.
[SPEAKER_02]: Especially for purposes of bookkeeping and accounting.
[SPEAKER_02]: But it was how long?
[SPEAKER_02]: How old?
2007.
[SPEAKER_02]: Here's the thing they were saying though.
[SPEAKER_02]: Of the 12,700 cards stolen, 900 were still active.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, well it's just 900 then.
[SPEAKER_12]: Why are we even making this an issue?
[SPEAKER_12]: Those 900 people can suck it.
[SPEAKER_12]: Wow.
[SPEAKER_11]: All right, SalaciousPop in our chatroom shines a little light on this, saying, I'm pretty sure they are.
[SPEAKER_11]: Going back two years or more at the porn place, we were only allowed to archive the last four digits and expiration date.
[SPEAKER_11]: And DarkSakura was right.
[SPEAKER_11]: It was in case we were ever subpoenaed or anything, I had to look up legacy order history re-sketchy use of a card.
[SPEAKER_11]: Like if it wasn't stolen and a relative was using it.
[SPEAKER_11]: But the whole card number was purged after a year, I think.
[SPEAKER_11]: Yeah, that's kind of the...
[SPEAKER_11]: A transaction history, I get that, but the card number and data itself, that is very weird.
[SPEAKER_12]: Tax audits would be the only thing I could think of.
[SPEAKER_11]: Even then, doesn't your bank take... Why did Sony need that?
[SPEAKER_11]: Sony's bank having that, I get it.
[SPEAKER_11]: Sony having it, I don't.
[SPEAKER_11]: There's a huge problem I have with that.
[SPEAKER_11]: Hence why we turn to Congress and why Congress is getting involved with all of this right now.
[SPEAKER_11]: And Sony actually responded to Congress this week.
[SPEAKER_11]: You might remember last week we talked that Congress was getting involved, writing a nice little letter to Sony going, what the fuck is going on?
[SPEAKER_11]: Did you put all these Americans' information at risk?
[SPEAKER_11]: You know, just basically in a...
[SPEAKER_11]: Nutshell there.
[SPEAKER_11]: Kazurai sent an open letter back to Congress detailing Sony's various principles and how they've been dealing with the PlayStation Network outage and all the various leaks.
[SPEAKER_11]: It is on various blogs all over the place for you to take a look at.
[SPEAKER_11]: They also summarized it on the PlayStation blog.
[SPEAKER_11]: They had various principles that they worked with during this whole issue.
[SPEAKER_11]: Act with care and caution.
[SPEAKER_11]: Provide relevant information to the public when it has been verified.
[SPEAKER_11]: Take responsibility for our obligations to our customers.
[SPEAKER_11]: Work with law enforcement authorities.
[SPEAKER_11]: Also, they've talked about the timeline for the attack.
[SPEAKER_11]: They said, quote, Oh my God, hold on.
[SPEAKER_12]: They hacked my computer too.
[SPEAKER_12]: Look, there's a text file right here that says we are Legion.
[SPEAKER_12]: That's impossible.
[SPEAKER_12]: Only they could have done that.
[SPEAKER_12]: It's impossible that anybody else could create a text file that says we are Legion and they're named anonymous.
[SPEAKER_12]: How is this possible?
[SPEAKER_12]: How did they do this?
[SPEAKER_12]: I thought my network was secure.
[SPEAKER_11]: There was also a text file named Crayola in the system, apparently, with the names of 256 flavors of crayons.
[SPEAKER_11]: I don't know why they had that, but it was in the system.
[SPEAKER_00]: I have a comment on this.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yes, Dan!
[SPEAKER_00]: How are you, Dan?
[SPEAKER_00]: Does anybody else find it ironic that our government is mad at Sony because when Sony overreacted to somebody hacking their system, the hackers came back to get them and it backfired on them, right?
[SPEAKER_00]: And we do that all the time.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's what we do.
[SPEAKER_00]: We're Americans.
[SPEAKER_00]: We're like, that country's thumbing their nose at us.
[SPEAKER_00]: Let's go get them.
[SPEAKER_00]: Five years later, fuck.
[SPEAKER_00]: What were we thinking?
[SPEAKER_00]: Come on, guys.
[SPEAKER_00]: Give Sony a break.
[SPEAKER_00]: They're dealing.
[SPEAKER_00]: But at the same time, you know, that's what they get.
[SPEAKER_00]: Fuckers.
[SPEAKER_11]: Sega!
[SPEAKER_11]: Well, you know, I have blamed on this show an awful lot.
[SPEAKER_11]: The problem is Sony lies with the way they're being managed.
[SPEAKER_11]: They are a horribly managed company right now.
[SPEAKER_11]: Horribly managed company.
[SPEAKER_11]: And the only thing that is more horribly managed than Sony is the government.
[SPEAKER_11]: So this whole exchange, really, like when I read about it, this is what I hear in my head.
[SPEAKER_12]: And it's great because they're like, oh, we think Anonymous did it because there was this text file.
[SPEAKER_12]: Yeah, wow, that's proof right there that somebody, you know, it couldn't have been any other hacker whatsoever that put that text file in there to maybe divert attention away from them and to Anonymous.
[SPEAKER_02]: Or it could have been... Keep in mind, you've got a group that's decentralized and leaderless, pretty much.
[SPEAKER_02]: So you can't control what everybody who might be associated with it does.
[SPEAKER_11]: I've got more on that in just a moment.
[SPEAKER_11]: Let me get that here.
[SPEAKER_11]: By the way, Sony says they still have yet to identify the individual or individuals that are responsible for the breach.
[SPEAKER_11]: Of course not, because oh my god, it would be... The minute it is identified who did this, and if Sony in any way possible can tie it to Anonymous, it's gonna be like the headline on every fucking website out there, like...
[SPEAKER_11]: Anonymous not so anonymous anymore.
[SPEAKER_11]: Meet the face of Anonymous.
[SPEAKER_11]: Whoever gets caught with this is going to get drugged through the proverbial street.
[SPEAKER_12]: It is retarded.
[SPEAKER_12]: Once again, you're saying that this is a group with no real leadership.
[SPEAKER_12]: There are people that are leaders or whatever.
[SPEAKER_12]: There are people that are acting on their own on this website.
[SPEAKER_12]: Basically, it's 4chan.
[SPEAKER_12]: Let's just not even call it Anonymous anymore.
[SPEAKER_12]: It's 4chan.
[SPEAKER_12]: On top of that...
[SPEAKER_12]: If you don't have a... If it's not really a group that has any sort of, you know, structure to their membership or anything that anybody can claim membership to it, then you can't even really go after the group.
[SPEAKER_12]: You have to say it's this person that did it because it's not anonymous because not all of them participated in it.
[SPEAKER_12]: It's this one dude that says he's an anonymous.
[SPEAKER_12]: Like, if I said I'm an anonymous right now and I kick Jamie, is she going to go sue anonymous because, you know...
[SPEAKER_02]: No, I wouldn't bother suing you.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'd just punch you in the face.
[SPEAKER_11]: Dude, DarkSakura's gonna punch Anonymous in the face.
[SPEAKER_02]: No, or I'd, you know, make, put Shermie poop in your soda or something.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's just, it's... It's dumb, is what it is.
[SPEAKER_11]: All right, I need to get some more.
[SPEAKER_11]: Speaking of Anonymous, they, of course, have denied responsibility for this.
[SPEAKER_12]: Yes, sorry.
[SPEAKER_12]: And I hate bringing up these guys, but...
[SPEAKER_12]: You may remember back a certain people griefing said podcasts that were part of a certain forum.
[SPEAKER_12]: So Anonymous was griefing this podcast.
[SPEAKER_12]: I mean, that's how retarded this is.
[SPEAKER_11]: Jamie, go punch them in the face.
[SPEAKER_12]: Falcon Punch!
[SPEAKER_12]: It's just...
[SPEAKER_12]: Alright, look, you can't claim that the group is behind it because there is no group.
[SPEAKER_12]: It's just people that say that they're part of this group, so you'll just find who's behind it.
[SPEAKER_12]: It's people, not a group.
[SPEAKER_11]: Alright, look, speaking of Anonymous, they did send a statement to The Guardian.
[SPEAKER_11]: I'm not...
[SPEAKER_11]: EvilCouncil EvilCouncil
[SPEAKER_12]: Anyway, the statement said, Poop poop fart.
[SPEAKER_12]: I mean, seriously, who's to say that since it's...
[SPEAKER_11]: But then, apparently, according to a different report in the Financial Times, two veteran members of Anonymous that I guess the Financial Times knew, I guess they weren't that anonymous, but somehow they got in touch there, saying that some element of that original attack was probably the likely reason.
[SPEAKER_11]: The word likely was involved.
[SPEAKER_11]: And then, according to these veteran members, quote, if you say you are anonymous and do something as anonymous, then anonymous did it.
[SPEAKER_11]: Well, regardless, whoever did this, I mean, whoever did this is going to be in a whole lot of trouble if they ever get found out.
[SPEAKER_11]: If they ever get found out.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's going to be public embarrassment, I mean, at this point.
[SPEAKER_11]: But, yeah, if they do, I mean, you know.
[SPEAKER_10]: It's all right.
[SPEAKER_11]: Loki's Sony systems are unhackable.
[SPEAKER_11]: They're prevented against all types of intrusions.
[SPEAKER_11]: Right?
[SPEAKER_12]: Right.
[SPEAKER_12]: You know why they can't find anybody to hack the systems?
[SPEAKER_12]: Because I did it with my mind.
[SPEAKER_12]: All this credit card's gone.
[SPEAKER_12]: Alright, DarkSakura, what do you have for us?
[SPEAKER_12]: Oh, and then I put that text file there so they'll never know it's me.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, Sony has basically, because they're still wallowing in their own poop like retarded monkeys, they have decided that, oh, we could do something to help these people, maybe.
[SPEAKER_02]: So they are partnering with Debix, D-E-B-I-X, to give 12 months of identity theft protection for free.
[SPEAKER_02]: Also, not just the 12 months, but also adding the time that the service was out, too.
[SPEAKER_02]: Um, so there should be offers coming out over the next few days with the promotional code for the service and people will have until June 18th to register for it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Um, I'm wondering though if this is going to be some sort of, ooh, do we have to pay for a longer term if we get this as like a free, you know, it better be completely free, no strings attached.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's my thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: But basically it's saying that what the All Clear ID service is going to have is cyber monitoring and surveillance of the internet to detect exposure of All Clear ID plus customers' personal information, a million dollar identity theft insurance policy per user to provide additional protection in case All Clear becomes a victim of identity theft, blah, blah, blah, blah.
[SPEAKER_12]: So remember, hackers, you need to wait until... Until they sign up for it.
[SPEAKER_12]: Until June 18, 2012 to do all the stealing of identities so those bastards aren't covered at all.
[SPEAKER_12]: That'll suck it to them.
[SPEAKER_02]: What you do is you make... Okay, hacker people, make friends with your victim and then say, okay, I'll hack you and we'll split the money.
[SPEAKER_02]: No.
[SPEAKER_11]: Jamie, shame on you.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's just too little too late.
[SPEAKER_02]: And on top of that, you know, identity protection services are really such... I mean, this one says, oh, we'll cover your legal costs and blah blah blah, but really, all you have to do is go to your bank and your bank covers this shit.
[SPEAKER_02]: you cancel your cards unless somebody has gone out and done something wholly illegal like shoot somebody in the face and then leave your driver's license on them which I don't see anybody about to go do then that's different and don't use that as an idea I'll leave a card that says anonymous on it when I shoot them in the face and then they'll think that they murdered them just write out we are legion in their blood you spell it out with their entrails I think the intestine is long enough for that
[SPEAKER_11]: Girl.
[SPEAKER_02]: What?
[SPEAKER_11]: You got problems.
[SPEAKER_02]: I do not have problems.
[SPEAKER_02]: I have solutions.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I want to know what this is that you linked me that's supposed to do with Europe that isn't anything about Europe.
[SPEAKER_11]: Somebody made a mistake in our little show roll thread and you got the wrong thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, apparently they're trying to do the same thing for Europe.
[SPEAKER_02]: The end.
[SPEAKER_11]: And there you go.
[SPEAKER_11]: Mm-hmm.
[SPEAKER_11]: So, can I read this comment from our chatroom real quick?
[SPEAKER_11]: Amiga777 in our chatroom says, like some people on the net say, gaming needs a WikiLeaks.
[SPEAKER_11]: I don't know, in theory that's kind of a neat idea, but I don't know if the gaming community could handle something as serious as WikiLeaks.
[SPEAKER_11]: Gaming needs a Perez Hilton.
[SPEAKER_11]: That's what gaming needs.
[SPEAKER_11]: Something a little more bitchy.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's what our website should do.
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_11]: Draw cocks on people's faces.
[SPEAKER_02]: I know, that would be great.
[SPEAKER_11]: Little coke noses on Marcus Fenix.
[SPEAKER_11]: Let's do it.
[SPEAKER_12]: Loki.
[SPEAKER_12]: Yeah, I'm not about to go draw cocks on people's faces.
[SPEAKER_12]: Unless I put anonymous below it and then, you know, they'll think that they drew cocks on people's faces.
[SPEAKER_12]: Ah, yeah.
[SPEAKER_12]: Anyways, so the PlayStation Network is supposed to come up this week.
[SPEAKER_12]: But as you know, it's not up this week.
[SPEAKER_12]: What the hell?
[SPEAKER_12]: Based on, you know, this is when we held the press conference in Japan last week.
[SPEAKER_12]: Based on what we knew, we expected to have services online within a week.
[SPEAKER_12]: We were unaware of the extent of the attack on Sony Online's servers, and we're taking this opportunity to conduct further testing of the incredibly complex system.
[SPEAKER_12]: I might add, the incredibly complex and poorly guarded system.
[SPEAKER_12]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_12]: So it's not coming back this week.
[SPEAKER_12]: Surprise, surprise.
[SPEAKER_11]: And apparently, there's some stuff that came out from... To be fair, Loki, I mean, if I'm understanding correctly, what exactly Sony is having to do right now, they are basically having to rewrite the entire fucking PlayStation Network in two weeks.
[SPEAKER_11]: A process that took months to begin with, right?
[SPEAKER_11]: Am I right?
[SPEAKER_11]: That's kind of what they're doing.
[SPEAKER_11]: They're talking about reconstructing the whole fucking thing from the ground up.
[SPEAKER_11]: See this?
[SPEAKER_12]: It's the tiniest violin playing it for them.
[SPEAKER_12]: I feel so bad for them that they had to create an entirely new database.
[SPEAKER_12]: If only they had known that their database were poorly updated and just not ready for any sort of hacker attack.
[SPEAKER_11]: Oh, but they did because... I legitimately do feel sorry for everybody that's having to work plenty of overtime right now, probably mandatory overtime trying to fix this situation when it's really not their fault.
[SPEAKER_11]: Well, it's somebody's fault they made decisions and unfortunately that's the way it works.
[SPEAKER_11]: Yeah, but it's like the grunts are having to pay for the Queen Bee's decision and that's very unfortunate.
[SPEAKER_11]: This situation will never get better until Howard Stringer comes down.
[SPEAKER_12]: You don't like it, you don't work there.
[SPEAKER_12]: That seems pretty simple to me.
[SPEAKER_12]: Anyway, so some information coming out of the House of Representatives Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade.
[SPEAKER_12]: Wow, that's a long title.
[SPEAKER_12]: According to the breach.
[SPEAKER_12]: And this I had to laugh at a little bit too because I think
[SPEAKER_12]: From what I heard, it's some guy saying that he read somewhere on a forum this information.
[SPEAKER_12]: I hope that's not the case.
[SPEAKER_12]: Apparently, they're saying that Sony had learned several months ago that the PlayStation Network was hosted on servers running very old versions of Apache software that were unpatched and had no firewall installed.
[SPEAKER_12]: No firewall.
[SPEAKER_12]: That's awesome.
[SPEAKER_11]: I think that was debunked.
[SPEAKER_11]: I think some other internet thing looked into it and found that no, there's caches out there that prove that that isn't the case.
[SPEAKER_11]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_11]: So this is just a case of Congress misunderstanding something and further complicating the situation.
[SPEAKER_11]: Exactly.
[SPEAKER_12]: Well, like, I even remember reading this, and I had to find it, because I actually read part of maybe the transcript or something like that, where they were quoted.
[SPEAKER_12]: Yeah, I had read on a forum that this was... They literally said, I read this on a forum.
[SPEAKER_12]: You're taking a forum as fact.
[SPEAKER_12]: Awesome.
[SPEAKER_11]: Nothing wrong with that at all.
[SPEAKER_11]: Now, Sony, I read this on a forum, and I understand you like mudkips, right?
[SPEAKER_11]: Can you explain to me, Sony, what is a mudkip?
[SPEAKER_11]: Hey, I read here on another forum... That's fucking Nintendo.
[SPEAKER_12]: It totally told me where the WMDs were in Iraq.
[SPEAKER_12]: There's WMDs there.
[SPEAKER_12]: This forum said so.
[SPEAKER_12]: We need to go.
[SPEAKER_12]: Right now.
[SPEAKER_12]: They would never be wrong.
[SPEAKER_12]: And then this is great.
[SPEAKER_12]: Apparently there is a rumored third attack planned for Sony.
[SPEAKER_12]: So it says... And this is great.
[SPEAKER_12]: Let's just read through this and laugh at the source.
[SPEAKER_12]: A group of hackers says that they're playing another wave of cyber attacks against Sony in retaliation for its handling of the PlayStation Network breach.
[SPEAKER_12]: Wait, wait, wait.
[SPEAKER_11]: because you're mad about the way they're handling the situation.
[SPEAKER_11]: Your plan is to hack them again.
[SPEAKER_12]: Hey, listen, we're going to hack you again.
[SPEAKER_12]: Oh, my God.
[SPEAKER_12]: An observer... Wait, wait, hold on.
[SPEAKER_12]: This is great.
[SPEAKER_12]: This is where this is coming from.
[SPEAKER_12]: An observer of an internet relay chat channel used by hackers told Cena... So it's a guy in a chat room that witnessed random people talking... Hold on.
[SPEAKER_12]: Hold on.
[SPEAKER_11]: I'm holding.
[SPEAKER_11]: I'm waiting.
[SPEAKER_12]: Oh my god!
[SPEAKER_12]: Report the news!
[SPEAKER_12]: Apparently I just hacked Sony!
[SPEAKER_12]: It said so in this internet relay channel, so... Um, yes.
[SPEAKER_12]: That's really credible.
[SPEAKER_12]: That's about one step below forum posts, but hey, I guess that's fact.
[SPEAKER_12]: Should the planned attacks succeed, it would be the latest blow in a series of devastating attacks.
[SPEAKER_12]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_12]: Should the attack succeed, it would be another attack against Sony.
[SPEAKER_12]: Wow, that's great reporting.
[SPEAKER_11]: And Titilitis in our chat says, I have a hankering to watch Hackers now.
[SPEAKER_11]: Crash Override, Zero Cool, Angelina Jolie.
[SPEAKER_12]: That's what they should have put in there.
[SPEAKER_12]: They should have put all that stuff, like Hack the Planet and all this crap from the Hackers movie.
[SPEAKER_12]: That would have been hilarious.
[SPEAKER_12]: I can't.
[SPEAKER_11]: Will they really?
[SPEAKER_11]: I mean, now it's, I realize I've said that on the show before, and it's usually pretty true.
[SPEAKER_11]: Like, you know, most people have pretty much forgiven Microsoft for the whole Red Ring of Death thing at this point.
[SPEAKER_11]: You know, and a lot of folks have forgiven other gaming companies for their massive fuck-ups.
[SPEAKER_11]: But, I mean, we're going on day 18, and this could be, like, literally a month before this is fixed.
[SPEAKER_11]: I mean, we might forget what happened, but will the developers, who've now lost a month of sales, forget what's happened?
[SPEAKER_11]: And we are getting dangerously close to E3.
[SPEAKER_11]: E3 is less than on the way
[SPEAKER_11]: Now, I'm sure at least the multiplayer gaming and all that crap will be back and home will be up and all that.
[SPEAKER_11]: But if the store's not up, I'm saying, which is the hardest part, I think, for them to fix, it's going to be interesting.
[SPEAKER_11]: Like, the keynote is going to be really weird this year.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's going to be so weird.
[SPEAKER_11]: Like, it's just going to be a train wreck, I think.
[SPEAKER_11]: Well, especially if they're going to be talking about, like, you know... It's going to overshadow whatever they're showing.
[SPEAKER_11]: And there's some awesome, like, The Last Guardian and shit.
[SPEAKER_11]: Like, I want to know more about that.
[SPEAKER_11]: S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_11]: I'm curious to see how many times... And we should have a betting pool on this.
[SPEAKER_11]: Actually, you know what?
[SPEAKER_11]: I have the week off of work.
[SPEAKER_11]: What I would love to do... You do?
[SPEAKER_11]: Yeah, I do.
[SPEAKER_11]: So what we need to do, we need to have a Sony press conference drinking game.
[SPEAKER_11]: And we each need to pick a word.
[SPEAKER_11]: And every time we hear that word, we're going to take a shot.
[SPEAKER_11]: And my word is going to be secure.
[SPEAKER_11]: So every time we hear the word secure at the PlayStation...
[SPEAKER_11]: E3 press conference.
[SPEAKER_11]: I'm going to take a shot.
[SPEAKER_11]: I'm going to put even odds that I will end up in the hospital at the end of the PlayStation press conference.
[SPEAKER_02]: I pick hacker.
[SPEAKER_12]: Am I trying to kill myself in this or not?
[SPEAKER_12]: What type of word?
[SPEAKER_11]: I'm trying to kill myself.
[SPEAKER_11]: What word would you pick to make yourself end up in the hospital?
[SPEAKER_12]: PlayStation.
[SPEAKER_10]: No, you can't pick that, dummy.
[SPEAKER_12]: You never said I couldn't.
[SPEAKER_12]: Fine.
[SPEAKER_12]: Sony.
[SPEAKER_11]: You can't pick Sony either, and you can't pick NGP or whatever.
[SPEAKER_11]: You're no fun.
[SPEAKER_11]: Three.
[SPEAKER_11]: Oh, God, I hate you.
[SPEAKER_11]: All right.
[SPEAKER_12]: Let's move on.
[SPEAKER_12]: And then, of course, finally, Sony, this is great.
[SPEAKER_12]: They're...
[SPEAKER_12]: Apparently, now I don't know if I should really trust this since it's also from CNET, the website that gets their information from people that saw internet relay chats.
[SPEAKER_12]: But apparently they're saying that Sony is weighing in weather to offer a reward for the information on the hackers behind the massive network outage.
[SPEAKER_12]: So they're going to put out a reward.
[SPEAKER_12]: It's going to be all Milt Gibson.
[SPEAKER_10]: Here's a million dollars.
[SPEAKER_10]: Find them.
[SPEAKER_10]: Give me back my son.
[SPEAKER_12]: Yes, that's exactly what's gonna happen.
[SPEAKER_12]: I need you to find these actors.
[SPEAKER_05]: Give me back my network!
[SPEAKER_12]: And give me back my son!
[SPEAKER_12]: Also, I guess, Sony has denied allegations made in the congressional testimony on Thursday that the servers were not running under the most current security update.
[SPEAKER_12]: Of course, this is the previous network for Sony Network Entertainment.
[SPEAKER_12]: International and Sony Online Entertainment used servers that were patched and updated recently and had multiple security measures in place, including firewalls, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
[SPEAKER_12]: Well, you know what?
[SPEAKER_12]: Here's what I have to say about that.
[SPEAKER_12]: Thank you for watching, and I'll see you next time.
[SPEAKER_12]: Give me back my son!
[SPEAKER_11]: Actually, I think the reward's a pretty good idea.
[SPEAKER_11]: I think the reward, you know, what better way to get all these guys to turn on each other than put a million dollars on the line, right?
[SPEAKER_11]: It's actually a pretty smart move on Sony's part, if they do it.
[SPEAKER_11]: If they do it.
[SPEAKER_11]: But we'll see.
[SPEAKER_11]: Yeah, I'm just  I'm so looking forward to the E3 press conference.
[SPEAKER_11]: But anyway, I don't know what else to say about the situation at this point.
[SPEAKER_11]: I feel like there's just  you just  like do you remember the Ricky Lake talk show in the 1990s?
[SPEAKER_11]: Do you remember Ricky Lake?
[SPEAKER_11]: I remember Ricky Lake.
[SPEAKER_11]: Go, Ricky.
[SPEAKER_11]: Do you remember Ricky Lake?
[SPEAKER_11]: Do you remember how like whenever her guests would just get like totally out of control on the stage, she just got to be standing there with a microphone or jaws just all dropped like
[SPEAKER_11]: Like, that's me right now.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm out of my element.
[SPEAKER_11]: Exactly.
[SPEAKER_11]: Like, I'm just kind of looking at the stage and all these people fighting and Sony and Anonymous and Congress and I'm just looking and I'm just... My mouth just dropped and I'm shaking my head.
[SPEAKER_11]: That's all I've got left to say on this situation.
[SPEAKER_11]: So let's talk about something else.
[SPEAKER_11]: DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_11]: Oh wait, no, I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_11]: I have one other thing.
[SPEAKER_11]: Sorry.
[SPEAKER_11]: Whoops, my bad.
[SPEAKER_02]: Whatever.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's PlayStation related, but it's not about the hack.
[SPEAKER_11]: It has to do with PlayStation Rewards.
[SPEAKER_11]: Remember this?
[SPEAKER_11]: Well, you may not because it never really happened.
[SPEAKER_11]: But there was a beta program that ended on March 31st.
[SPEAKER_11]: And an exclusive t-shirt was sent to the beta testers who got to one of the tiers in this PlayStation Rewards loyalty program.
[SPEAKER_11]: and they were sent a thank you card saying wear it proud and yes they got a t-shirt from this Sony literally sent these people a t-shirt that pretty much says I participated in a Playstation beta and all I got was this lousy t-shirt that's awesome okay now DarkSakura sorry
[SPEAKER_02]: Sony, you suck How about something free?
[SPEAKER_02]: Something happy and free and not at all related to Sony
[SPEAKER_02]: There is a Thor game.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's a 16-bit browser-based platformer.
[SPEAKER_02]: It is called Thor Bring the Thunder.
[SPEAKER_02]: And it's basically like Thor but done Mega Man style.
[SPEAKER_02]: So it looks pretty neat.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think I would want that.
[SPEAKER_02]: And there actually is a DS version.
[SPEAKER_02]: Either out or to be out.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, it said May 3rd.
[SPEAKER_11]: I was going to cue my wine.
[SPEAKER_11]: If this is just a 16-bit game, why couldn't virtual console be used for something like this?
[SPEAKER_11]: But no, that's too smart.
[SPEAKER_11]: That would be something new and innovative.
[SPEAKER_11]: I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_11]: I like the idea of at least a free game able to play online that ties into Thor.
[SPEAKER_14]: Thor has the Rainbow Road.
[SPEAKER_11]: I haven't seen the new movie yet.
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_12]: I hear it's not bad, actually.
[SPEAKER_02]: In the comics.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, I'll go ahead and I'll use Ultimates.
[SPEAKER_02]: He summons a freaking rainbow that brings Asgardian heroes to Earth.
[SPEAKER_02]: He brings the mightiest warriors in all of reality on the Rainbow Road to kick ass for Norse justice.
[SPEAKER_02]: and I always like that's very Norse and his level in Marvel vs. Capcom 3 has Rainbow Road in the background.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think he's really Mario.
[SPEAKER_11]: You know what my favorite part of the Thor movie is though?
[SPEAKER_02]: What?
[SPEAKER_11]: Give me back my son!
[SPEAKER_11]: Oh, I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_11]: I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_11]: That wasn't Thor at all actually.
[SPEAKER_02]: I've actually seen part of it but just for a cameo that makes me super excited.
[SPEAKER_11]: Oh, the whole Avengers tie-in thing or something else?
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, but one of my favorite Avengers characters popped up.
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_02]: Makes me super happy.
[SPEAKER_11]: There you go.
[SPEAKER_11]: Alright, moving on.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'll give you a clue.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's Mel Gibson.
[SPEAKER_11]: Let's travel the world and see what games are coming out soon in a gaming store near you and what games you can play to help take your mind off of the Benny Hill theme song.
[SPEAKER_12]: This week we've got some, actually a pretty decent selection of titles.
[SPEAKER_12]: LEGO Pirates of the Caribbean!
[SPEAKER_12]: Because you know there's a new Pirates movie, and there are LEGO Pirates of the Caribbean toys, so it only makes sense that there's a LEGO Pirates of the Caribbean game.
[SPEAKER_12]: And that's out on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, and DS.
[SPEAKER_12]: There is some online co-op play, except if you're on the PlayStation Network, because you can't play on the PlayStation Network right now.
[SPEAKER_12]: Brink coming out on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and PC this week.
[SPEAKER_12]: Also with online co-op and multiplayer, except on the PlayStation 3 because the PlayStation Network is down now.
[SPEAKER_12]: Alright, I'll stop.
[SPEAKER_12]: Yu-Gi-Oh!
[SPEAKER_12]: 50s World Championship 2011 from Konami on Nintendo DS.
[SPEAKER_12]: The First Templar from Calypso on Xbox 360.
[SPEAKER_12]: and... Oh, I guess LEGO Pirates was on PSP.
[SPEAKER_12]: How did I forget that?
[SPEAKER_12]: Virtua Tennis 4 on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and the Wii.
[SPEAKER_12]: And...
[SPEAKER_12]: Dream Trigger, finally coming out on the 3DS.
[SPEAKER_12]: Actually though, now that I've seen gameplay of it, I am not picking that game up.
[SPEAKER_12]: What's Dream Trigger all about?
[SPEAKER_12]: It was a music kind of shoot-em-up game.
[SPEAKER_12]: But it was really weird looking.
[SPEAKER_12]: I thought it was going to be kind of like Rez.
[SPEAKER_12]: but it's not, it's like you have to tap the screen on the bottom and it creates like a little radar thing and you see enemies not my thing if it was like Rez I'm taking a peek at a little trailer here that's on the YouTube
[SPEAKER_09]: Don't shut up.
[SPEAKER_11]: I don't want to hear this.
[SPEAKER_12]: And then, last but not least, MX vs. ATV Live coming out from THQ on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
[SPEAKER_12]: And of course, this is one of the first games that THQ is experimenting with their lower-priced games.
[SPEAKER_12]: It's only $40 retail, and they're going to have download content every two weeks.
[SPEAKER_12]: So, hey, if you want to support that type of thing and try to maybe get the prices of games down, then that'd be the way to go.
[SPEAKER_12]: I hear it's supposed to be pretty good.
[SPEAKER_11]: And that's it for this week.
[SPEAKER_11]: I found a working where some dude isn't talking over it.
[SPEAKER_11]: Hold on.
[SPEAKER_11]: I really hate sometimes that literally anyone can upload things to YouTube because I hate the people that just take someone else's YouTube and do their own thing over it.
[SPEAKER_11]: It irritates me.
[SPEAKER_11]: Hold on.
[SPEAKER_11]: Dream Trigger.
[SPEAKER_11]: The next generation of handheld shooters is here!
[SPEAKER_11]: Mind Warping 3D!
[SPEAKER_11]: Over 50 levels!
[SPEAKER_11]: Collectible trophies and multiplayer!
[SPEAKER_11]: Wait, trophies?
[SPEAKER_11]: On a 3DS game?
[SPEAKER_11]: Hold on.
[SPEAKER_12]: Seems like on the bottom screen you have to tap it and you see where the enemies are on the top screen and then you have to shoot them.
[SPEAKER_12]: Weird.
[SPEAKER_12]: I mean, it might be cool, but it's just, you know... I've already gotten three 3DS games that I don't play, and so I don't really need to add a fourth to it.
[SPEAKER_12]: So, you know, I'll wait until...
[SPEAKER_12]: I'll tell you what, D3, because they're the publisher of that game.
[SPEAKER_12]: You really want me to play a game on the 3DS?
[SPEAKER_12]: You'll port it over Earth Defense Force.
[SPEAKER_12]: Because that would be awesome.
[SPEAKER_12]: You might get your wish.
[SPEAKER_12]: At least bring the PSP version over.
[SPEAKER_12]: You know what?
[SPEAKER_12]: I'll get my PSP working again for that.
[SPEAKER_11]: Alright, let's travel to Japan and check out the Japanese release dates.
[SPEAKER_11]: This week on the Xbox 360, Major League Baseball 2K11 comes out on May 12th.
[SPEAKER_11]: I should point this out, Portal 2 is out next week, and I wonder if that's a localization of the game, like if they've actually redone the voice acting and so forth.
[SPEAKER_11]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's in a lot of languages, let me put it that way.
[SPEAKER_11]: Okay, well maybe it's just the same version we have here, it's just finally getting its Japanese release, I don't know, but...
[SPEAKER_11]: I wonder what GLaDOS sounds like in Japanese.
[SPEAKER_11]: That's all.
[SPEAKER_11]: That's all I want to know.
[SPEAKER_11]: But that's next week.
[SPEAKER_12]: They should give her like an old Japanese man voice or whatever.
[SPEAKER_11]: On the PlayStation 3, Major League Baseball 2K11 is out there as well as Suzumiya Haruhi no Tsuyasu comes out this week.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's Haruhi.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's the melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya.
[SPEAKER_11]: Oh yeah, this is the same anime manga universe.
[SPEAKER_11]: So this is the game coming out on PS3 this week.
[SPEAKER_11]: A whole game about that series.
[SPEAKER_11]: There's also a box edition, a special box edition on that if you want to get that, if you're a big fan of the anime.
[SPEAKER_11]: On the Nintendo Wii, nothing.
[SPEAKER_11]: On the 3DS, Steel Diver is out this week in Japan.
[SPEAKER_11]: Of course, that was a launch game for us here, but they're just now getting that in Japan.
[SPEAKER_11]: And lastly, on the PSP, Planetarian.
[SPEAKER_11]: and Shisana Hoshino Yume.
[SPEAKER_11]: That's a charity edition.
[SPEAKER_11]: I'm not sure what that means.
[SPEAKER_11]: If that's a price reduction or something where the money goes to charity.
[SPEAKER_11]: I don't have any translation on this but it does look like the game is kind of one of those like cyber anime space robot things.
[SPEAKER_11]: and also another version of Suzumiya Haruhi is coming out there on the PSP as well.
[SPEAKER_11]: And lastly, Makai Senki Disgaea 2 Portable.
[SPEAKER_11]: Of course, Disgaea 2.
[SPEAKER_11]: Getting a price reduction this week on the PSP in Japan.
[SPEAKER_11]: It moves into the best series.
[SPEAKER_11]: There you go.
[SPEAKER_11]: There's your Japanese releases.
[SPEAKER_11]: How about the UK?
[SPEAKER_11]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_02]: We do have a few things for the UK.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let me look at my calendar, because it's going to be another week.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, finals week, shoot me.
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay, we have on the 9th, Hydrophobia Prophecy, and on the 11th, Alads Online.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then on the 13th, we've got a few things.
[SPEAKER_02]: We have Brink, Lego Pirates of the Caribbean, and that's it.
[SPEAKER_11]: Just a few more stories for you guys, then we're going to get to the classic game of the week.
[SPEAKER_12]: But first... Yes.
[SPEAKER_12]: Apparently, though, and I kind of think I know what this is, Microsoft Game Studios Vancouver is working on a horror Kinect shooter game.
[SPEAKER_12]: There's been rumors for a while now that they're going to be doing a Kinect Halo game.
[SPEAKER_12]: That's probably this.
[SPEAKER_12]: They're saying that the studio's mission is to push the limits of the proven and unexplored game development and show the world what's possible with Microsoft game consoles.
[SPEAKER_12]: That's pretty generic sounding, but if I were to bet money, I would say it's probably going to be a Kinect Halo game.
[SPEAKER_12]: You think?
[SPEAKER_12]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_11]: There were the rumors before about that anyway.
[SPEAKER_12]: It would be cool if it was something original.
[SPEAKER_12]: or you know they want to be really cool not necessarily I'd want a Kinect version of this but TimeSplitters isn't getting a lot of love lately and I really love a new TimeSplitters game just saying
[SPEAKER_11]: Alright, one other story for you guys.
[SPEAKER_11]: This is another big rumor that's popped up this week and a lot of people kind of ignored it because of everything that's going on with the PlayStation.
[SPEAKER_11]: And honestly, this is probably something that deserved to be ignored.
[SPEAKER_11]: But apparently development kits for a brand new Microsoft consoles were in the offices of one of EA Studios.
[SPEAKER_11]: This is according to a source.
[SPEAKER_11]: They don't work for EA or Microsoft, but they did say that it came in a PC shell and it was shipped to EA last month.
[SPEAKER_11]: I guess there's been rumors already about Xbox 360 dev kits and this was set to sort of dispel that rumor or what have you.
[SPEAKER_11]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_11]: So of course people are now speculating is Microsoft set to reveal a new console at E3?
[SPEAKER_11]: Well EA's Director of Corporate Communications came out and said in a statement to IGN that that story was quote a total fabrication.
[SPEAKER_11]: It is 100% not true.
[SPEAKER_11]: And
[SPEAKER_11]: You know, there's absolutely no way is there a Microsoft console being shown at E3 this year.
[SPEAKER_11]: I would bet a large sum of money on that.
[SPEAKER_11]: Why?
[SPEAKER_11]: Because Kinect has not lived out its full potential yet.
[SPEAKER_11]: Microsoft's invested a lot in Kinect.
[SPEAKER_11]: Kinect is still, what's that record it has?
[SPEAKER_11]: The best-selling electronic gadget ever, or fastest-selling, I think, electronic gadget ever, more so than the iPhone.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's been crazy popular for them.
[SPEAKER_11]: But yet, that hasn't really reached its full potential.
[SPEAKER_12]: And they're on a 10-year console cycle.
[SPEAKER_12]: They've been stressing that, and that's the whole plan with the Kinect anyway.
[SPEAKER_11]: Yeah, but Nintendo got away with not doing that.
[SPEAKER_11]: But of course, Nintendo never said it was going to be a 10-year cycle for them.
[SPEAKER_11]: Yeah, they never did.
[SPEAKER_11]: So, you know, whatever.
[SPEAKER_11]: But I just... No way are you going to see a new... I mean, of course you might see maybe a redesigned 360 or a 360 with Kinect built in.
[SPEAKER_11]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_11]: You might see something like that, but I doubt it.
[SPEAKER_11]: I think...
[SPEAKER_11]: It's going to be just more Kinect support and now it's not going to be so much about the dance games, the biggest loser workout games and those things.
[SPEAKER_11]: Now you're going to see the next wave of quote unquote hardcore Kinect games such as this rumored Halo reimagining that's going to be done with Kinect.
[SPEAKER_11]: I think that's what E3 is all about this year.
[SPEAKER_11]: Now how do we take Kinect to the next, like how do we make Kinect not so gimmicky?
[SPEAKER_11]: because you haven't seen any Kinect games.
[SPEAKER_12]: Just make it not gimmicky.
[SPEAKER_12]: I mean, that's it.
[SPEAKER_12]: I mean, what you need to do is, yeah, you realize that you can do, just because you can do something with the hardware doesn't mean you should do something with the hardware.
[SPEAKER_12]: Like, I don't, before, you know, head tracking.
[SPEAKER_12]: That's all you need to, like, for, I don't understand why that's not even available for most first-person shooters nowadays is just have that support in there.
[SPEAKER_12]: Okay, it does a little bit of head tracking if you want to.
[SPEAKER_12]: That's it.
[SPEAKER_12]: That's all you have to add.
[SPEAKER_12]: I mean, if you want to make it so you can throw a grenade by swinging your arm, then cool, but it's not really necessary because it takes a lot more time to swing my arm in a grenade motion than it would to push a button.
[SPEAKER_11]: I think it's going to be all about maybe this head tracking or whatever else technologies are going to put in future games.
[SPEAKER_11]: That's what you're going to see at E3 this year.
[SPEAKER_11]: And of course, Dance Central 2 and sequels to the popular wave of first titles.
[SPEAKER_11]: But really, what Kinect releases have we seen since Christmas?
[SPEAKER_11]: Until now, very, very little.
[SPEAKER_11]: I mean, especially that's not budget knockoff titles.
[SPEAKER_11]: Now, granted, Child of Eden is kind of your lone standout.
[SPEAKER_12]: But that's not a Kinect-only game.
[SPEAKER_12]: That's a game that has Kinect support.
[SPEAKER_11]: But that's okay.
[SPEAKER_11]: I still would consider that a Kinect title.
[SPEAKER_12]: Okay, well, since Christmas, here's what we've had.
[SPEAKER_12]: We've had Dance Paradise, which was a terrible dancing game from THQ.
[SPEAKER_12]: We had the Michael Jackson Experience, which was kind of like Just Dance in a karaoke game.
[SPEAKER_12]: We've had Fantastic Pets, which was a THQ pet sim game that, you know, it's kind of dumb.
[SPEAKER_11]: Every kind of game you've named so far is a derivative of one of the Christmas games.
[SPEAKER_11]: We've had... We've got Two Dance Centrals and Connectimals.
[SPEAKER_12]: Kung Fu Panda 2
[SPEAKER_12]: Michael Phelps, Push the Limit, that's coming out in June.
[SPEAKER_12]: Whoopee.
[SPEAKER_12]: It's a swimming game.
[SPEAKER_11]: Nothing, nothing, I mean, you're stretching to think of things.
[SPEAKER_11]: I mean, there's nothing that just jumps out at you as like an OMG must own title, right?
[SPEAKER_11]: I mean, all these are just, you know, little flashes in the pan because there's nothing else on Kinect right now and people are hoping that they'll buy this crazy shit.
[SPEAKER_11]: You know, people that crave new dance games are going to buy this Dance Paradise or what have you.
[SPEAKER_12]: Dance Paradise is terrible.
[SPEAKER_12]: Don't buy Dance Paradise.
[SPEAKER_11]: How does it work?
[SPEAKER_12]: I don't even... Dance Paradise, it has your avatars in it, for one.
[SPEAKER_12]: So that's how you know that they're not taking the damn thing seriously.
[SPEAKER_12]: Two, it's basically... It's got this interface that looks terrible.
[SPEAKER_12]: You're standing... These outlines of a person are sliding towards you down this...
[SPEAKER_12]: kind of think of it like that hole in the wall show or something like that where you have to move and make a certain gesture or something like that isn't that kind of how Dance Masters works too?
[SPEAKER_12]: sort of but Dance Masters is less you don't really know what's coming up I don't know it's it's an interesting idea but it's really way too Japanese skewed Dance Masters that's for sure but
[SPEAKER_12]: Yeah, there's not a lot out there.
[SPEAKER_12]: People are looking for stuff.
[SPEAKER_12]: Sadly, Michael Jackson Experience is actually probably the best title out of the bunch so far.
[SPEAKER_12]: Because, I mean, it's got Just Dance as the core to it.
[SPEAKER_12]: Because that's basically what the game's built off of.
[SPEAKER_11]: I was pissed at the experience, not from the dance moves, but from being forced to sing.
[SPEAKER_11]: Those comments from our chatroom, chat.orangeloungeradio.com How can you be forced to sing?
[SPEAKER_11]: The Kinect has a microphone in it.
[SPEAKER_11]: That does suck.
[SPEAKER_12]: You should be able to turn that off.
[SPEAKER_11]: Going back to the original story, though, about the whole dev kit, actually, you know what's funny?
[SPEAKER_11]: I don't doubt that there actually is a dev kit already at EA.
[SPEAKER_11]: I mean, if they are going to announce something next year, which I'd see as a lot more viable, or maybe the year after, I mean, EA and Activision is probably your two biggest publishers, probably have to already be thinking about what launch titles they want to make for it.
[SPEAKER_11]: These games don't take...
[SPEAKER_11]: Thanks for watching!
[SPEAKER_12]: Well, of course not, because, I mean, if anything, these are like alpha kits or something like that, because, you know, let's say that they're sticking to the, you know, five-year or ten-year console cycle, okay?
[SPEAKER_12]: Well, the 360 was out in 05, and, I mean, the way prices are coming down on all electronic stuff, you know, God knows what technology is going to be in five years, or four years, I guess, almost five years.
[SPEAKER_12]: I mean that stuff comes down in price so much I mean if they're like building it off of specs right now like say okay we're gonna have you know a gig of RAM in there or something like that well five years you might be able to afford 16 gigs of RAM for the price of that honestly though a lot of this depends on how much Nintendo ups the ante with what they're doing
[SPEAKER_11]: because if they are hugely successful and they've upped the ante past the specs that 360 and PlayStation 3 has, it's going to force the other two to work faster.
[SPEAKER_12]: Yeah, but I don't know if that's even going to be a big deal.
[SPEAKER_12]: I mean, they're going to have a little bit of an advantage of being first out there, but it's all about how they grasp and use it.
[SPEAKER_12]: But if they're just going to be like...
[SPEAKER_12]: Well, we're out here first, so we're just gonna kick on back, because we don't have to worry about competition.
[SPEAKER_12]: But here's the thing, though, they gotta be way ahead of the game, you know, because if it's just making it just a hair better than, you know, PlayStation 3 or 360, it's all gonna be gameplay then, and if they can't, you know, bring that to the table, then...
[SPEAKER_12]: But I don't think gameplay is a problem for them because before they've all focused on gameplay and graphics have kind of taken a back seat.
[SPEAKER_12]: So if they bring all the visuals and audio and stuff up to snuff, then they have a pretty good system there.
[SPEAKER_12]: But they also can't.
[SPEAKER_12]: We'll see.
[SPEAKER_12]: All right, let's move on.
[SPEAKER_12]: We got to get to the classic game of the week.
[SPEAKER_11]: Every week here on Orange Lounge Radio, DarkSakura takes a stroll to the Classic Gaming Vault and digs in there and finds a game that she thinks, hey, you guys should be playing this game.
[SPEAKER_11]: You know, there's no network, none of your newfangled networks right now to play things on anyway.
[SPEAKER_11]: Except Xbox Live.
[SPEAKER_11]: So you should go back and revisit this classic game.
[SPEAKER_11]: DarkSakura, what is the classic game of the week?
[SPEAKER_02]: The classic game of the week is Phantasmagoria.
[SPEAKER_02]: Which was a weird-ass game.
[SPEAKER_11]: Let's do some clips here, if I can get to the two point.
[SPEAKER_02]: I picked one that had some music, but then it went right into more talking.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway, Phantasmagoria was on seven CD-ROMs for the PC, and it was released in 1995, which was when I first played it.
[SPEAKER_02]: That was my first full year of college, so it took a lot of time.
[SPEAKER_02]: I should have been studying.
[SPEAKER_02]: But anyway...
[SPEAKER_02]: Victoria Winters
[SPEAKER_02]: At any rate, like I said, it was on seven CDs because it was a lot of video, a ton of video.
[SPEAKER_02]: And actually, most of it was filmed in front of a blue screen.
[SPEAKER_02]: There was something like several hundred different actions that the actress, who was the main character in the game, had to do, like walking to an item, picking something up, doing something.
[SPEAKER_02]: and also it had 550 pages of a script which is about four times the size of a regular movie script and an additional hundred pages of storyboards for the 800 scenes in the game it took four months of filming and 200 people were involved in the productions that's also including that's actually not including sorry the 135 people who were in the Gregorian choir for part of music
[SPEAKER_02]: and the last scene took a week to film.
[SPEAKER_02]: But anyway, it was developed by Roberta Williams who is, she's actually behind King's Quest and it was one of the goriest, most violent games to come out in its time.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, it's got an M rating now.
[SPEAKER_11]: It had... Can I look at some of these death scene YouTubes?
[SPEAKER_11]: I want to see how gory this game is.
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_11]: Let's see here.
[SPEAKER_11]: I want to see some of this here.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's turn it up.
[SPEAKER_11]: Yep.
[SPEAKER_11]: So she's walking in front of this mirror that's doing a little swirly gas thing.
[SPEAKER_05]: Tonight for you a special feast Regina.
[SPEAKER_05]: I prepared all your favorites.
[SPEAKER_05]: Doesn't this look delicious?
[SPEAKER_02]: For starters, giblets in a rich red marinara sauce.
[SPEAKER_11]: Adrian and Gordon
[SPEAKER_02]: And she's a paperback writer and he is a photographer.
[SPEAKER_02]: So they buy this mansion that's owned by a 19th century magician named Zoltan Karnavash.
[SPEAKER_02]: And so basically, through the course of things, she accidentally releases this demon that had possessed basically Karno, the illusionist.
[SPEAKER_02]: And it possesses her husband.
[SPEAKER_02]: So he goes on this big...
[SPEAKER_02]: and DarkSakura.com
[SPEAKER_02]: Thanks for watching!
[SPEAKER_02]: So, his last wife realizes that he's a murderer, so she and her lover try to kill him, except he comes back and kills them, but they kill him again.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then they all die.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway, it's a lot of gore.
[SPEAKER_02]: A lot of really violent themes.
[SPEAKER_02]: And pretty hardcore stuff.
[SPEAKER_11]: And you're sick if you like this.
[SPEAKER_02]: But...
[SPEAKER_11]: This is so gross, Jamie.
[SPEAKER_11]: This is a gross game.
[SPEAKER_02]: The reason why I'm bringing it up is because at that time, it was really novel for its time.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was...
[SPEAKER_02]: Thank you for watching!
[SPEAKER_02]: You know, it really did kind of push the envelope.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I think it's one of, I'd have to put it in, you know, Grand Theft Auto is nothing compared to that.
[SPEAKER_02]: You know, Grand Theft Auto is my little pony.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's an angel food cake made with whipped cream.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean.
[SPEAKER_11]: I agree with Dungeon Buster in the chat room.
[SPEAKER_11]: Hard to believe that King's Quest Williams did this.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_11]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_02]: and it was completely redubbed in Japanese it came on 8 CDs and it was released by OutTrigger in 97 and it was just called Phantasm there and Roberta Williams was asked by Sierra to do a third game but nothing happened
[SPEAKER_02]: and she actually said that Phantasmagoria is the game most representative of her game design career and there was a box set of both called Phantasmagoria Stage Fright in 1995 and actually it just got re-released by Good Old Games in February last year as a digital download.
[SPEAKER_02]: I've actually been totally considering because I haven't played this.
[SPEAKER_11]: So yeah, if you're a sick person and you want to see this sick game, you can go.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, that's the final scene too.
[SPEAKER_11]: Oh, is this like OMG spoilers?
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, yeah.
[SPEAKER_11]: It was just labeled as another death scene.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, no.
[SPEAKER_11]: Uh-oh.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, my God.
[SPEAKER_02]: Gross.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's if you fail that.
[SPEAKER_11]: Ah, that blade chopped her head in half.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, but she uses it to kill him instead in the actual ending Sick people It's a really, really violent, bloody, gory game But like I said, it was really one that pushed the envelope in those days A lot went into it And for what it is, it's a pretty good game
[SPEAKER_02]: So, and I wouldn't say it's too hard of a game, I mean with the puzzles, but it was pretty good.
[SPEAKER_11]: I remember playing it when I was a lot younger.
[SPEAKER_02]: Night Trap was wimpy.
[SPEAKER_11]: And I'm really glad I wasn't very good at it, because I never got to any of this stuff.
[SPEAKER_11]: I remember playing the game, I borrowed it from my friend, but I was like, I don't get this, I can't play this.
[SPEAKER_11]: So I never got to any of the really gory stuff, so I'm kind of glad, because this is sick.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_11]: Pornography.
[SPEAKER_02]: But it needed to be mentioned.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: It is one of those classics.
[SPEAKER_11]: All right.
[SPEAKER_11]: That's going to do it for part A of our show.
[SPEAKER_11]: But don't go anywhere, guys.
[SPEAKER_11]: We're going to be right back with plenty more of Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_11]: We got more stuff coming up in part B. We're going to talk a little bit about some of the pre-E3 stuff that's going on.
[SPEAKER_11]: Some news about Nintendo as well.
[SPEAKER_11]: Lots of stuff.
[SPEAKER_11]: A little bit more WoW because Warcraft did something important this week we want to share.
[SPEAKER_11]: The mailbag as well.
[SPEAKER_11]: FUs of the week.
[SPEAKER_11]: Your calls.
[SPEAKER_11]: And tonight...
[SPEAKER_11]: a list list and we'll tell you the topic when we get back with part B right here with more of Orange Lounge Radio
[SPEAKER_11]: Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_11]: We are live with episode number 412.
[SPEAKER_11]: We're coming into part B. We've of course talked quite a bit about the whole PlayStation debacle in part A. We're going to have a little fun with it here in part B tonight.
[SPEAKER_11]: We're going to do some rapid fire news, some Twitter topics.
[SPEAKER_11]: You want to get those in real quick.
[SPEAKER_11]: And then a little later on we're going to get into tonight's list list, which of course we have to poke fun at what's going on with PlayStation Network.
[SPEAKER_11]: DarkSakura?
[SPEAKER_02]: It's Comic Insanity, and it's back!
[SPEAKER_02]: We record it today.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yay.
[SPEAKER_02]: And we go... I'm stuck at promos today.
[SPEAKER_02]: We are on Infamous.net, N-F-A-M-O-U-S dot net, and you can download us every Tuesday, where we talk about comic books and whether or not we care about them, and other geek-worthy news.
[SPEAKER_11]: and it's me and Mar and Marvel and Dan Shadow and we're awesome I want to also give a plug for my show it's called Horde House the best little Horde House in Azeroth and it's about all things World of Warcraft so if the Warcraft chat earlier in this show just wasn't enough for you there's plenty more that happens with myself and Extifer and Extifer is very very explicit he's more explicit than Phantasmagoria but with dick jokes instead of blood Extifer is the guy who originated the term bleached asshole yes
[SPEAKER_11]: Well, I don't know if he originated that.
[SPEAKER_11]: I believe a stripper somewhere originated that, but he made it popular.
[SPEAKER_02]: But he made it famous.
[SPEAKER_11]: Exactly.
[SPEAKER_11]: Hordhouse.com, H-O-R-D-E-H-O-U-S-E.com.
[SPEAKER_11]: A couple other plugs I was asked to give here.
[SPEAKER_11]: Ranma said, please plug Anime Jam Session.
[SPEAKER_11]: And I said, sure.
[SPEAKER_11]: Visit our friends at Anime Jam Session.
[SPEAKER_11]: You can visit their website, animejamsession.com.
[SPEAKER_11]: Anime, video games, cons, cosplay, everything in between.
[SPEAKER_11]: Just throw it all in a blender and there you go.
[SPEAKER_11]: Anime Jam Session.
[SPEAKER_11]: Although it sounds a lot better, trust me, it's actually pretty cool.
[SPEAKER_11]: So check that out.
[SPEAKER_11]: They've got a fun little show there.
[SPEAKER_11]: Also, my buddy Seg joined chat and one of the big things he works on every year is Umlaut.
[SPEAKER_11]: Umlaut.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's very loud.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's a child's play fundraiser.
[SPEAKER_11]: It is rock band all night long, and it has a date for this year, December 8th.
[SPEAKER_11]: Now, I missed it last year, and I was pissed, but, you know, real life happens sometimes.
[SPEAKER_11]: But I'm really trying to make it this year, and I hope you guys can make it too.
[SPEAKER_11]: Book your flights now.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's going to be fun.
[SPEAKER_11]: December 8th.
[SPEAKER_11]: Of course, same place, DNA Lounge, same city, San Francisco, California.
[SPEAKER_11]: But more rock.
[SPEAKER_11]: All right.
[SPEAKER_11]: Let's get to some rapid-fire news and go around and do some quick stories, and then we'll get to the tweets.
[SPEAKER_11]: Twitter.com slash OLR.
[SPEAKER_12]: This is kind of unique.
[SPEAKER_12]: Of course, with the new Rockstar game L.A.
[SPEAKER_12]: Noire coming out next week, they're kind of, I don't know, tying this in with the release of that.
[SPEAKER_12]: They have some collected stories that they're releasing on an e-book format, and
[SPEAKER_12]: and you can check it out.
[SPEAKER_12]: It's basically an anthology of collected Hollywood tales from authors like Megan Abbott Joyce, Carol Oates and Jonathan Sansevier.
[SPEAKER_12]: I don't read books, so I don't know who these are.
[SPEAKER_12]: But apparently, though, I guess they're going to be kind of like 1940s noir detective novels.
[SPEAKER_12]: So that's kind of cool.
[SPEAKER_12]: The first one, of course, they have a little sample you can check out of The Girl, which is Megan Abbott's book.
[SPEAKER_12]: That's going to be the first one coming out.
[SPEAKER_12]: You can check that out on Rockstar's website, rockstargames.com.
[SPEAKER_12]: They'll be right there.
[SPEAKER_12]: Pretty cool little idea, I guess.
[SPEAKER_12]: They're going to have, I guess, eight total.
[SPEAKER_12]: And I'm definitely checking out that game when that comes out next week.
[SPEAKER_12]: And then, this is also pretty cool.
[SPEAKER_12]: With a copy of Battle LA on Blu-ray, you can also get early access to the Resistance 3 demo that'll be on the disc.
[SPEAKER_12]: The demo will be a 30-minute demo that was, I believe, shown off...
[SPEAKER_12]: Thank you for watching!
[SPEAKER_12]: because I'm lucky like that.
[SPEAKER_12]: And then, I love Volition and their Saints Row and Red Faction games.
[SPEAKER_12]: I actually haven't played too much of Red Faction, but I really should.
[SPEAKER_12]: But Saints Row, I mean, they're just very over the top with everything.
[SPEAKER_12]: I don't know if you guys remember from Armageddon or in a
[SPEAKER_12]: Armageddon, Gorilla.
[SPEAKER_12]: Last year, they had an April Fool's weapon that they released that actually became a real weapon.
[SPEAKER_12]: That was an ostrich.
[SPEAKER_12]: It was a melee weapon that you hit people with an ostrich, and that was pretty awesome.
[SPEAKER_12]: Well, now, they have the new weapon, which is called Mr. Toots.
[SPEAKER_12]: It is a unicorn with, it looks like My Little Pony or something like that, that you pull on its tail, and it shoots a rainbow out of its ass that makes people explode.
[SPEAKER_02]: That was in a video that the guy who did the portal video did where he gets a portal gun and his friends don't care.
[SPEAKER_12]: Yeah, well, that was tying in with this, of course.
[SPEAKER_12]: And Mr. Toots, of course, isn't going to be available right away.
[SPEAKER_12]: It will be available, though, if a million people download the demo that is available right now.
[SPEAKER_12]: So after one million downloads of the Red Faction Armageddon demo, Mr. Toots will be unleashed for all to use.
[SPEAKER_12]: And that is awesome.
[SPEAKER_12]: You know what?
[SPEAKER_12]: I gotta say, with a unicorn that shoots rainbows out of its ass, they're really gonna have to step up their game for Postal 3.
[SPEAKER_12]: Because, I'm sorry, a chainsaw badger?
[SPEAKER_12]: That ain't cutting it anymore.
[SPEAKER_11]: Now, a chainsaw honey badger...
[SPEAKER_11]: Naughty Bear was a terrible game, by the way.
[SPEAKER_11]: Yeah, the iPhone one is pretty bad too.
[SPEAKER_11]: Okay, anyway, other tweets.
[SPEAKER_11]: I'm sorry, not tweets yet.
[SPEAKER_11]: We're almost to tweets.
[SPEAKER_11]: But other rapid fire news.
[SPEAKER_11]: This game, apparently it's a rhythm game.
[SPEAKER_11]: For those of you kids that like your rhythm-based games, there's a new game coming out called Pulse Volume 1.
[SPEAKER_11]: This is a game for the iPad.
[SPEAKER_11]: And I guess what this is, it's stationary rings that are in the center of the screen.
[SPEAKER_11]: Each ring is larger than the last with the smallest set in the center.
[SPEAKER_11]: And then the number of rings increase with each difficulty level.
[SPEAKER_11]: As a pulse ring grows outward from the center, orbs follow along the stationary rings.
[SPEAKER_11]: As the music plays, pulse rings appear and reach the orbs to the beat of the song.
[SPEAKER_11]: Scoring is based on the accuracy of orbs hit in correlation with the pulse reaching them.
[SPEAKER_11]: This could be interesting.
[SPEAKER_11]: Here's a little bit of the gameplay.
[SPEAKER_11]: You can kind of hear what some of the music sounds like.
[SPEAKER_11]: You can see it's kind of neat.
[SPEAKER_11]: Each pulse is kind of like one measure in the song, and you've got to tap all the little...
[SPEAKER_11]: It's kind of like Elite Beat Agents meets A Map of the Solar System.
[SPEAKER_11]: There you go.
[SPEAKER_11]: That's Pulse.
[SPEAKER_11]: Some news from Harmonix.
[SPEAKER_11]: Stories about the Rock Band download content and where they're at after the post-MTV games breakup.
[SPEAKER_11]: A quote from Chris Rigopoulos, who is the vice president of strategy and business development.
[SPEAKER_11]: He was interviewed by Game Informer saying that, quote, they've effectively severed all ties with MTV and all proceeds from Rock Band belong to Harmonix.
[SPEAKER_11]: Many people thought that, well, the reason why they were getting such awesome download content to begin with was because of their partnership with MTV Games.
[SPEAKER_11]: Now, he continues to say that it has been a collaborative effort between Harmonix and MTV in the past.
[SPEAKER_11]: All the stuff you've seen this year so far, most of that was before Harmonix was sold by Viopcom.
[SPEAKER_11]: Now, the new tracks that will be coming out soon, that's going to give you the first glimpse at some of the music that the company has secured without MTV, and I think Jamie's going to cover that in a minute.
[SPEAKER_11]: and it still sounds pretty good stuff.
[SPEAKER_11]: But I love this.
[SPEAKER_11]: He doesn't expect that there's going to be any drastic changes to the music selection process, but, quote, I doubt you will see any more Spongebob Squarepants packs.
[SPEAKER_11]: Ouch.
[SPEAKER_11]: So I guess that was not something they wanted to do, but they did anyway.
[SPEAKER_11]: Well, yeah, that makes sense.
[SPEAKER_12]: Viacom, you know, I think goes to Nintendo, or not Nintendo, Nickelodeon.
[SPEAKER_12]: MTV and Nickelodeon.
[SPEAKER_12]: Yeah, yeah, makes sense.
[SPEAKER_11]: Also, speaking of Rock Band, this is very important.
[SPEAKER_11]: There will be no Rock Band 4 this year.
[SPEAKER_11]: Yeah, I've not confirmed.
[SPEAKER_11]: Yeah, kind of file that under duh.
[SPEAKER_11]: I mean, it took a couple years for Rock Band 3, but they are not going to be doing a Rock Band 4 this year.
[SPEAKER_11]: And I'm kind of not surprised because Guitar Hero is on hiatus.
[SPEAKER_11]: Rock Band 3 unfortunately didn't sell well and it's a bummer because it's a great title.
[SPEAKER_12]: It's down to $10 at Toys R Us now.
[SPEAKER_11]: Honestly, if you like music games in the slightest, you've got to get Rock Band 3.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's awesome.
[SPEAKER_11]: So take advantage of the $10 sale, I suppose, and go check that out.
[SPEAKER_11]: Probably this year at E3 you're going to see more from harmonics like Dance Central 2 will probably be their big title.
[SPEAKER_11]: Maybe something unannounced.
[SPEAKER_11]: Who knows?
[SPEAKER_11]: Maybe something to take on a different type of music game.
[SPEAKER_11]: There's always been that rumor that they want to revisit the amplitude frequency type of games.
[SPEAKER_11]: That could always be something they show.
[SPEAKER_12]: God, a DJ game would be awesome.
[SPEAKER_11]: We'll see.
[SPEAKER_11]: But no Rock Band 4.
[SPEAKER_11]: Maybe next year or the year after that when people are back into music games.
[SPEAKER_11]: I would say it's going to take until whenever the next series of systems comes out, but we'll see.
[SPEAKER_11]: DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_02]: There is a PS3 bundle coming out for Black Ops in three weeks.
[SPEAKER_02]: Call of Duty Black Ops will have one that has a hundred... Excuse me.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let me start over.
[SPEAKER_02]: There is a PS3 bundle with Black Ops arriving.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's Call of Duty Black Ops on PS3.
[SPEAKER_02]: It will have a 160 gigabyte hard drive and will be 300 bucks.
[SPEAKER_02]: And...
[SPEAKER_02]: and hopefully we will hear something from Activision and Sony soon but this is still just coming from retail.
[SPEAKER_12]: 100% true.
[SPEAKER_02]: Super Meat Boy level editor is out.
[SPEAKER_02]: You can go and download it.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's on Steam.
[SPEAKER_02]: Make some levels.
[SPEAKER_02]: Share them with everybody.
[SPEAKER_02]: And they better not suck.
[SPEAKER_11]: They'll all be hard as hell Aren't all the levels hard as hell?
[SPEAKER_11]: In Super Meat Boy, yeah
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, there is, of course, another rock band pack coming out this month, here in May.
[SPEAKER_02]: There will be tracks from the Foo Fighters album, Wasting Light.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then there will be pro guitar and bass upgrades to older rock band tracks.
[SPEAKER_02]: There will also be some Lady Gaga.
[SPEAKER_02]: Are you happy, Rob?
[SPEAKER_11]: Do You Feel Like We Do, Frampton Comes Alive
[SPEAKER_11]: I love that they have from Lady Gaga to Peter fucking Frampton.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, and Ozzy.
[SPEAKER_02]: There will be Ozzy.
[SPEAKER_02]: You know what?
[SPEAKER_02]: I want some damn Lita Ford.
[SPEAKER_02]: I want the Ozzy Lita Ford duet.
[SPEAKER_02]: Close my eyes forever.
[SPEAKER_02]: I love that song.
[SPEAKER_11]: You know what I would like to see in Rock Band?
[SPEAKER_11]: Especially now that they have piano?
[SPEAKER_11]: Meatloaf.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_11]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_02]: We need the Rocky download pack.
[SPEAKER_11]: I thought like around Valentine's Day they had some meatloaf stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh my god, maybe I missed it.
[SPEAKER_11]: I'm checking the list of Rock Band downloads now.
[SPEAKER_02]: I know that there's a couple of... In fact, you were excited about one.
[SPEAKER_02]: I want to say.
[SPEAKER_11]: This is important information.
[SPEAKER_11]: I need to know what Meatloaf song is available.
[SPEAKER_02]: This will complete Rob's life.
[SPEAKER_11]: It really will.
[SPEAKER_02]: Just do a search.
[SPEAKER_02]: Control F Meatloaf.
[SPEAKER_11]: Or I could just alphabetize the list and then scroll down to M. H, I, J, K. Why does it say F?
[SPEAKER_11]: M. There's Megadeth, Megadeth, more Megadeth.
[SPEAKER_11]: Screwed.
[SPEAKER_11]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_11]: One Meatloaf song.
[SPEAKER_11]: Paradise by the Dashboard Light.
[SPEAKER_11]: Because you were giddy about that.
[SPEAKER_11]: That's not enough Meatloaf.
[SPEAKER_02]: There's always room for Meatloaf.
[SPEAKER_11]: Meatbat out of Hell.
[SPEAKER_02]: We need a saxophone controller next.
[SPEAKER_02]: No.
[SPEAKER_02]: If there is, I don't care.
[SPEAKER_11]: Let's get to the Twitter topics then.
[SPEAKER_11]: Every week we invite your tweets at twitter.com slash OLR because of course this is the show where every gamer has a voice.
[SPEAKER_11]: Let's go to the first tweet tonight from let's see, we already covered that story so we'll go to MNZiba.
[SPEAKER_11]: Oh, I remember reading about this too.
[SPEAKER_11]: MNZiba tweeted us saying, The Legend of Zelda Skyward Sword GDC 2011 trailer music played backwards is very familiar.
[SPEAKER_12]: so apparently it wasn't to me a person who you know well i'll let you get into that all right so well here here here it is play backwards
[SPEAKER_11]: And this is backwards right now.
[SPEAKER_11]: Now that's a little tune from Ocarina, right?
[SPEAKER_11]: Is that why people are flipping their shit about this?
[SPEAKER_12]: Once again, though, me not really giving a crap about Ocarina of Time, that was totally lost to me.
[SPEAKER_11]: But it's this whole setup because we have the Ocarina of Time re-release coming out first.
[SPEAKER_12]: Eh, big deal.
[SPEAKER_11]: Alright, well that was a tweet from MNZiba Alright, BlueSwimTweet says Rumor has it that Namco Bandai Games America has licensed Sailor Moon And he tweets us to a site that he actually works for But I'm assuming he's going on good authority Oh, I see, Sailor Moon World Italy apparently is the source here Some new companies have acquired licenses for Sailor Moon And one of them is Namco Bandai Games America
[SPEAKER_11]: Oh boy, I hope we get a Kinect Sailor Moon game that we can do the transformation.
[SPEAKER_11]: DarkSakura, would you play that?
[SPEAKER_02]: Maybe.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm not that acrobatic.
[SPEAKER_11]: So some folks are yelling at me in chat that I didn't go through the whole video.
[SPEAKER_11]: Well, what am I going to see if I go through the whole video?
[SPEAKER_11]: All right.
[SPEAKER_11]: Tell me what I'm going to see, and then I'll go back to the whole video.
[SPEAKER_11]: Going to DJ Ranma S tweets us saying, IGN acquires UGO.
[SPEAKER_11]: No one care.
[SPEAKER_11]: Great.
[SPEAKER_11]: The corporate collective grows bigger.
[SPEAKER_11]: Congrats.
[SPEAKER_11]: Great.
[SPEAKER_12]: UGO.
[SPEAKER_12]: Now they own 1UP and IGN.
[SPEAKER_12]: Yep.
[SPEAKER_12]: Congrats.
[SPEAKER_11]: Yep.
[SPEAKER_11]: Alright, let's see.
[SPEAKER_11]: TigerClaw links us to a few stories here.
[SPEAKER_11]: Valve is starting to look at Steam Mobile.
[SPEAKER_11]: Oh, that would be kind of neat.
[SPEAKER_11]: Like a mobile-based Steam store.
[SPEAKER_11]: I'm assuming that can't really compete with the iPhone.
[SPEAKER_11]: Well, I mean, excuse me.
[SPEAKER_11]: It would compete with the iPhone, but it can't be on the iPhone, I suppose.
[SPEAKER_11]: Or maybe it could.
[SPEAKER_11]: I guess you could always do something like that because if you sold it through the Apple store and then it could have the add-ons.
[SPEAKER_11]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_11]: But I don't know if that's what Valve would do.
[SPEAKER_11]: Anyway, Valve is saying that they're looking at the possibility of bringing Steam to mobile devices According to the story, it's from TradeMagMCV And I guess it's something that the Valve Marketing Vice President, Doug Lombardi Says that the more requests that Valve receives for a mobile version of the platform The more likely it is to act Hmm, we'll see what happens with that At least you know you get some hella good sales on that
[SPEAKER_11]: TigerClaw305, Smithsonian Announces Lineup for Art of Video Games Exhibit
[SPEAKER_11]: Which is funny because remember that whole video games aren't art debate that went on a couple years ago?
[SPEAKER_11]: Well, now they're going to show video game art in the Smithsonian.
[SPEAKER_11]: So, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_11]: I think that kind of ends that argument.
[SPEAKER_11]: By the way, there's a quote here that sells the exhibition.
[SPEAKER_11]: Quote,
[SPEAKER_11]: Thank you for watching!
[SPEAKER_11]: There will also be video interviews with notable game developers, large prints of screenshots, antique consoles, 3.7 million votes cast in a poll over 175 countries.
[SPEAKER_11]: There's 80 games in the exhibit, including Zelda, Donkey Kong, Doom 2, but there are some missing.
[SPEAKER_11]: This article calls out Space Harrier and Beyond Good and Evil.
[SPEAKER_11]: But you know what?
[SPEAKER_11]: When there's only 80 games, sadly some good ones are probably going to be lost by the wayside.
[SPEAKER_11]: All right, a few more tweets for you guys here.
[SPEAKER_11]: JV Mon tweets us about Thomas Howard.
[SPEAKER_11]: Remember Thomas Howard Lichtenstein, I think his name is, of DDR fame?
[SPEAKER_11]: Remember that?
[SPEAKER_11]: Apparently, it's a song with Disco Warp.
[SPEAKER_11]: They were in DDR Universe, and this is some type of indie band collaboration here.
[SPEAKER_11]: I guess they're all straight out of Portland.
[SPEAKER_11]: So here's the song.
[SPEAKER_11]: Oh my gosh.
[SPEAKER_11]: There's too much noise in that song.
[SPEAKER_11]: There's just too much noise.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm just picturing a lot of 13-year-olds at a rave now.
[SPEAKER_12]: So where's Thomas Howard coming to that?
[SPEAKER_11]: I imagine he sings at some point, but I don't know if I can get to that point.
[SPEAKER_11]: I'm not saying his song is bad, but I'm just saying.
[SPEAKER_11]: Fast forward it.
[SPEAKER_11]: Maybe the middle is a little bit different.
[SPEAKER_11]: Oh, is it the wrong song?
[SPEAKER_11]: Oh, JV Mon said I played the wrong song.
[SPEAKER_11]: My bad.
[SPEAKER_11]: Well, I clicked the link you sent me.
[SPEAKER_11]: All right, here we go.
[SPEAKER_11]: Let's try this one instead.
[SPEAKER_12]: Why do they do that?
[SPEAKER_12]: Okay, too many effects.
[SPEAKER_12]: You don't need it.
[SPEAKER_11]: Jack's Beef Jerky is running promos for Xbox Live Arcade and Hulu Plus.
[SPEAKER_11]: I got three months gold for $12.95 and a month of Hulu Plus for free.
[SPEAKER_11]: Any thoughts?
[SPEAKER_11]: Okay, first off, Hulu Plus is, it sucks because you're paying to watch commercials, and I don't like that at all.
[SPEAKER_11]: I mean, yes, they have a big archive of shows, but, you know, so does Netflix.
[SPEAKER_11]: And I think there's plenty of stuff to watch on there, and the internet.
[SPEAKER_11]: Also, the other thing to keep in mind, the Hulu Plus interface on Xbox fucking blows.
[SPEAKER_11]: Because they've done that whole crossbar thing with Hulu Plus, and it doesn't work.
[SPEAKER_11]: the crossbar thing does not work for everything and Hulu Plus and Facebook and Twitter and all this other stuff they try to integrate into Xbox that crossbar thing does not work for it so yeah I guess you can set up a queue online to do Hulu Plus and that's kind of I guess the way you're supposed to do it but did you know that a lot of the stuff you can watch on the web you can't watch on your Xbox it's not licensed for playback on the Xbox more reason why Hulu Plus is kind of dumb sorry
[SPEAKER_12]: or you can set up your queue and then download Tversity.
[SPEAKER_12]: You can download, I'm sure, a streaming program and link it with that and you can actually stream all that stuff through there.
[SPEAKER_11]: Some comments in our chatroom at chat.orangeloungeradio.com Blackwolf says, you have to give your credit card to get the free month.
[SPEAKER_11]: Uh-oh.
[SPEAKER_11]: Breakman says, I like Hulu Plus' TV selection, but the movie selection sucks.
[SPEAKER_11]: Salacious Pop clarifies, the biggest draw to Hulu Plus is that they let you watch shows on demand that are still current from just last week, etc.
[SPEAKER_11]: You know how else you can watch shows that are still current?
[SPEAKER_11]: Torrents.
[SPEAKER_11]: or most of them are on like CBS.com most of the CBS shows most of them are available that way but like the real real stuff like HBO if you want to watch I don't know what the Tudors or any of that Showtime we just got HBO actually because we upgraded our Comcast whatever because they're going to give us the same thing plus our phone for the same price we had already I wanted to see the Gaga concert last night that's the thing though they gave us HBO
[SPEAKER_12]: But it doesn't work.
[SPEAKER_12]: Because we were like, okay, what should we watch?
[SPEAKER_12]: Oh, concert, okay.
[SPEAKER_12]: We don't have anything else to watch.
[SPEAKER_12]: So we clicked on that.
[SPEAKER_12]: This channel's not available.
[SPEAKER_12]: But they were supposed to give it to us free for three months.
[SPEAKER_12]: So great, there's something else that's wrong with Comcast.
[SPEAKER_12]: Hooray.
[SPEAKER_11]: But hey, we have a DVR now, so that's all good.
[SPEAKER_11]: Blackwolf in our chatroom says, or you could watch it on the TV.
[SPEAKER_11]: If you want to watch a current show, you can turn on your TV and watch it.
[SPEAKER_11]: That's a good point.
[SPEAKER_11]: We caught up on The Office last night.
[SPEAKER_11]: I watch Survivor live every week.
[SPEAKER_11]: I don't have a DVR anymore.
[SPEAKER_11]: I don't record shows.
[SPEAKER_11]: So if I don't watch it live, I'm either watching it on CBS.com or Netflix or Hulu.com, the free version, or something.
[SPEAKER_12]: Torrents are great.
[SPEAKER_12]: Or if you want to get into this century with the piracy, Usenet or the file share sites are way better and faster.
[SPEAKER_11]: by the way I think I should be on Survivor because like seriously this season is driving me bonkers because there's all these bimbos on that show that are totally being controlled right now I can't stand it I'm just saying if I went on that show I'd be the one in charge bitches better watch it that's right watch it that's it for tweets twitter.com slash OLR
[SPEAKER_11]: Let's move on to some more news.
[SPEAKER_11]: Listless coming up in just a moment, but first, a round of stories.
[SPEAKER_12]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_12]: So Konami's planning this sort of party, or I don't know.
[SPEAKER_12]: They're doing a pre-E3 show on June 2nd, I guess, a few days before E3 starts.
[SPEAKER_12]: The event will be streamed online.
[SPEAKER_12]: They haven't said which sites yet.
[SPEAKER_12]: And there's going to be, I guess...
[SPEAKER_12]: Like a sitting room where people can watch trailers for stuff and they're also going to have like parties in LA, San Francisco, Toronto, Sao Paulo and Mexico City and other cities.
[SPEAKER_12]: They haven't really finalized this list of cities yet and apparently they're going to be inviting the press and stuff like that to these things.
[SPEAKER_12]: Oh, I guess.
[SPEAKER_12]: We need no fucking invite.
[SPEAKER_12]: And, you know, I can understand that, you know, whole LA thing, because that's fucking far, and they're not going to pay for us to fly in there.
[SPEAKER_12]: But San Francisco, man, that's like an hour or two away.
[SPEAKER_12]: And
[SPEAKER_12]: Whatever.
[SPEAKER_12]: You know what?
[SPEAKER_12]: I don't give a shit about your fucking Yu-Gi-Oh game that you have there.
[SPEAKER_12]: So yeah.
[SPEAKER_12]: And then I think also on their Facebook and stuff, they were doing this contest where like, be the ultimate Konami fan and tell us why you are the ultimate Konami fan.
[SPEAKER_12]: You can win like an iPad or, you know, a trip to E3 or some crap like that.
[SPEAKER_12]: More on that, I'm sure, as we get closer to those dates, because obviously they haven't really announced too much other than, hey, we're going to be doing our first annual pre-E3 show.
[SPEAKER_11]: Maybe we can make a drinking game out of that, too.
[SPEAKER_11]: That would be fun.
[SPEAKER_12]: We could.
[SPEAKER_12]: I mean, obviously they're going to be showing what...
[SPEAKER_12]: The Melgar Solid Rising game, which still hasn't come out.
[SPEAKER_12]: So that's probably one of the big things.
[SPEAKER_12]: Silent Hill Downpour, that'll be another big one.
[SPEAKER_12]: That's pretty much it.
[SPEAKER_12]: I mean, I guess they're bringing No More Heroes over here.
[SPEAKER_12]: They're localizing that for the PS3.
[SPEAKER_12]: So they'll show that.
[SPEAKER_12]: But...
[SPEAKER_12]: and DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_12]: That's the hip thing to do in Hollywood these days.
[SPEAKER_12]: Exactly, rebooting it.
[SPEAKER_12]: I don't think it's that far off.
[SPEAKER_12]: Obviously, it's going to be a hell of a lot of work, and I need to do that right now.
[SPEAKER_12]: But first, you've got to get somebody's ear.
[SPEAKER_12]: Good luck with that.
[SPEAKER_12]: No, not actually, because do the pitch first, then get the person's ear.
[SPEAKER_11]: Or copyright your idea first, and then... That's how you do it.
[SPEAKER_11]: Do it the smart way.
[SPEAKER_12]: Yeah, just because, I mean, come on.
[SPEAKER_12]: I mean...
[SPEAKER_12]: I actually did the math, and this is great, and might as well bring this up since we're talking about it.
[SPEAKER_12]: And just to kind of show you real quick, or demonstrate how the franchise has fallen.
[SPEAKER_12]: For example, I did the numbers.
[SPEAKER_12]: According to the NPD reports, January 2011, this would be everything from 2010 and back.
[SPEAKER_12]: Um...
[SPEAKER_12]: Hotest Party 2 Hotest Party 3 Hotest Party 4 Hotest Party 5
[SPEAKER_12]: 2010, Dance Dance Revolution, remember their kind of reboot thing, 170,000 units.
[SPEAKER_12]: And then on the PlayStation 3, Dance Dance Revolution, 60,000.
[SPEAKER_12]: Compare that to, oh, and Dance Master is only 47,000 units.
[SPEAKER_12]: Oh, wow.
[SPEAKER_12]: Just Dance 2, 3.5 million units sold!
[SPEAKER_12]: They're just not putting a lot of effort into it anymore.
[SPEAKER_11]: Breakman in our chatroom asks, What the F is Hottest Party?
[SPEAKER_11]: Is that one of those AO games?
[SPEAKER_11]: Now that would be an awesome way to reboot the series.
[SPEAKER_11]: Don't you agree?
[SPEAKER_11]: DDR Dollar Bill in our chatroom says, I didn't even know DDR kept getting releases until someone gave me the Step Mania files.
[SPEAKER_11]: Maybe that's part of the problem.
[SPEAKER_11]: The community's been kind of, like if you go to DDR Freak, you'll see the tumbleweed rolling by.
[SPEAKER_11]: I mean, there's not nearly the community there used to be.
[SPEAKER_12]: But I don't think they really need necessarily the community for it.
[SPEAKER_12]: There's not a big community for Just Dance.
[SPEAKER_12]: True.
[SPEAKER_12]: I mean, it's all about being current.
[SPEAKER_12]: And I think what the problem's been is they've been trying to innovate with the series, and they just don't know how.
[SPEAKER_12]: They don't really know which direction to take it in, so they're taking it in all the directions at the same time.
[SPEAKER_12]: You know, they're like, okay, we're going to innovate by adding eight-panel dance mode or something like that.
[SPEAKER_12]: No, that's not what you do.
[SPEAKER_11]: They're trying to shove square pegs into the round hole.
[SPEAKER_11]: Exactly.
[SPEAKER_12]: That's the problem.
[SPEAKER_12]: And I think...
[SPEAKER_12]: I have some good ideas.
[SPEAKER_12]: It's hard to describe them over the radio because it's all in my head right now.
[SPEAKER_12]: And I've tried to sit down and type out what I'm thinking.
[SPEAKER_12]: But if I can get what's in my head on paper, it's going to be awesome.
[SPEAKER_12]: That's the problem.
[SPEAKER_12]: But I have some fresh ideas for it.
[SPEAKER_12]: So see if I don't get bored of this whole idea and actually...
[SPEAKER_12]: Finish it and be able to pitch it.
[SPEAKER_12]: It would be awesome.
[SPEAKER_12]: But yeah, once again, they're not going to give a shit if they're just...
[SPEAKER_12]: You know, if they don't want to try, then that's fine.
[SPEAKER_11]: Some folks in the chatroom are commenting that folks moved on to other websites, like BomaniStyle and so forth, but those websites are not just about DDR.
[SPEAKER_11]: And usually, DDR seems to not be the focus at all.
[SPEAKER_11]: You know what I mean?
[SPEAKER_11]: That's why DDR is continuing to plummet.
[SPEAKER_11]: Other games might be doing okay.
[SPEAKER_11]: Like, DJ Max Portable got released in the US because of the following it has here.
[SPEAKER_11]: But, you know, DDR is a different game.
[SPEAKER_12]: The thing is, though, it's...
[SPEAKER_12]: Dance Dance Revolution was kind of like the innovator it brought people to the genre first and then now they have these other games out there and they're doing really well and that's not to say that Dance Dance Revolution can't do that well even if it did half as well it would still be way better than what it is now and so that's the thing all they have to do is figure out how to capture that audience and I think I know how to do that just based off of what they've done and what hasn't worked
[SPEAKER_11]: and what has worked and you just kind of combine all they have all the pieces there it's just they're not doing it right well I want to know I hope you get your audience with Konami someday alright let's move on buy stock a couple more stories for you guys yeah buy stock I actually thought about buying stock in Sony
[SPEAKER_11]: Just so I could sign a petition to shake up the management, but we'll see.
[SPEAKER_11]: All right.
[SPEAKER_11]: Anyhow, quick, quick story about Quake and Wolfenstein.
[SPEAKER_11]: Yes, some old, old properties that are, you know, very near and dear in a lot of first-person shooter fans' hearts.
[SPEAKER_11]: An interesting comment from senior producer Jason Kim when Shaq News spoke with id Software.
[SPEAKER_11]: I call him ID Software.
[SPEAKER_11]: Somebody call him id Software.
[SPEAKER_11]: Quote,
[SPEAKER_11]: I think we can freshen those things up we don't have anything in the works right now but I think when we start talking about different things we can do with the other properties that we have I hope people are receptive to what we want to do and what we think would be fun for players to experience coming out of id Software well I mean there was a new Wolfenstein game not that long ago and it wasn't very remarkable and then there was a Quake Arena on Xbox Live is pretty cool but the Quake 4 was not cool actually it was not that great because that was on Xbox 360 right yeah it wasn't very good
[SPEAKER_11]: So, uh, yeah.
[SPEAKER_11]: We'll see.
[SPEAKER_11]: I mean, I'm all for going back to the drawing board with new ideas.
[SPEAKER_11]: Those are two big properties.
[SPEAKER_11]: I used to love Quake back in the day.
[SPEAKER_11]: And Quake 3 and Quake Arena are actually a lot of fun.
[SPEAKER_02]: Did you ever play Ascii Quake?
[SPEAKER_11]: No, I never played Ascii Quake.
[SPEAKER_11]: But, I remember the old Quake CD.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, it's Gotcha Quake.
[SPEAKER_02]: Gotcha Doom.
[SPEAKER_11]: people have a lot of free time on their hands what can I say alright so speaking of a lot of free time on our hands a little segment we like to do on this show once in a while is a segment where we try to come up with the definitive list on a topic that's right after we're done tonight we are going to go through a list and find out the exact top three scientifically proven answers to a topic it's a process we call list lists
[SPEAKER_11]: The way listless works, since we haven't played this in a little while.
[SPEAKER_11]: We're going to give you a topic, and the topic tonight is Thing PlayStation Network Needs When It Comes Back to Make Me Care About It Again.
[SPEAKER_11]: and then the four of us yes we're going to get someone online in just a moment the four of us will go around the room and each give our top three answers as to what should be on that list that will leave us with a list of twelve then the hard part oh this is the hard part but you know reality shows are all about voting things off so we each go around and take one thing off the list that leaves us with a list of eight that you the chatters get to vote on and you vote for your top three and that's it that's the list
[SPEAKER_11]: That's the answers right there.
[SPEAKER_11]: Tonight's topic, thing PlayStation Network needs when it comes back to make me care about it again.
[SPEAKER_11]: You can give your answers in our chatroom at chat.orangelongeradio.com.
[SPEAKER_11]: I can't guarantee we'll use them, but when one of our hosts is struggling to find an answer or if something gets duplicated, we'll usually turn to the chatroom.
[SPEAKER_11]: All right, let's bring in our fourth person here.
[SPEAKER_11]: I'm going to go ahead and give him a call.
[SPEAKER_11]: Let me dip the music down here for just a minute so we can call on the Skype line.
[SPEAKER_11]: I've got somebody set up here.
[SPEAKER_11]: Hello.
[SPEAKER_11]: Hi, is this Tiara?
[SPEAKER_13]: Yes, it is.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's the one and only Tiara, a.k.a.
[SPEAKER_11]: Maren Marvel, joining us tonight.
[SPEAKER_11]: You might have heard the commercial for Pop Culture Parlay in between the segments tonight if you were listening live.
[SPEAKER_11]: Tell us real quick about your projects, Maren Marvel, before you play with us tonight.
[SPEAKER_13]: Well as you know I steal Jamie about once a week and we do Comic Insanity which is a comics and kind of like a geek culture podcast where we talk about fun stuff and then there's Pop Culture Parlay which is just kind of a little bit of craziness where Weasel aka Jonathan Long who works for EA and myself kind of talk about different pop culture stuff like we've done like
[SPEAKER_11]: Star Wars vs. Star Trek we've talked about the best Batman we've talked about all sorts of random stuff so it's it's just really really fun really really good time and that's on geek-life.com awesome well best of luck with all those projects you know I like to sometimes poke fun at the stuff you and DarkSakura do as the Giggling Girls show but actually you guys do very hard work so best of luck alright you ready to play listless with us tonight I sure am yay then I can play music again alright
[SPEAKER_11]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_11]: Mind Control via Nanobots
[SPEAKER_11]: Mind control via nanobots.
[SPEAKER_11]: How would that work with a playstation?
[SPEAKER_11]: By the way, your answers can be as serious or as silly as you want.
[SPEAKER_02]: Because I have a first model PS3, so clearly it has the hardware inside of it to create nanobots based off of data sent in through the PSN once it comes back up.
[SPEAKER_11]: And what would be the first thing you'd mind control?
[SPEAKER_02]: No, it would mind control me to care.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, okay, I see, I see.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, it would mind control me to care.
[SPEAKER_11]: Okay, there you go.
[SPEAKER_11]: Alright, Mar and Marvel, we'll go to you.
[SPEAKER_11]: What's your number three answer thing that PlayStation could do to get you to care?
[SPEAKER_13]: Well, since there's all this talk about how, you know, our data has been, like, stolen, maybe they could give us, like, a year of free credit reporting so that we can keep an eye on our credit.
[SPEAKER_13]: and make sure that those people that are stealing our information aren't buying things from Nigerians and stuff.
[SPEAKER_11]: To be fair, they sort of did, but I think you're talking about something a little more intense than what this whole Debix thing is about.
[SPEAKER_11]: Debix is credit monitoring, but not credit reporting, so there is a difference.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_11]: All right.
[SPEAKER_11]: Alright, just wanted to clarify the difference for our listeners because you know how internet people will be.
[SPEAKER_11]: They'll say, Dear Orange Lounge Radio, your guest was uninformed.
[SPEAKER_11]: Alright, anyhow, let's move on.
[SPEAKER_11]: My number three answer, thing that PlayStation Network could do.
[SPEAKER_11]: How about a PlayStation 2 emulator download for my collection?
[SPEAKER_11]: They've been rumored to work on one of those for years.
[SPEAKER_11]: I'd like to see that come out.
[SPEAKER_11]: So PlayStation 2 emulator.
[SPEAKER_11]: I don't care how they have to get it to work.
[SPEAKER_11]: Just get it to work if you want me to care.
[SPEAKER_11]: Up in the cap of members allowed in the PlayStation Home Clubs.
[SPEAKER_12]: I like to say a billion.
[SPEAKER_12]: That would be perfect.
[SPEAKER_11]: That is a practical answer.
[SPEAKER_11]: I love that.
[SPEAKER_11]: Because right now in the Orange Lounge Radio Club, I'm allowed to have 25 people.
[SPEAKER_12]: 25 people does not include me.
[SPEAKER_11]: I don't want to sound cocky.
[SPEAKER_11]: We have a little more than 25 people that listen to this program that have a PlayStation 3.
[SPEAKER_11]: So I would really like to be able to invite more people.
[SPEAKER_11]: Because unfortunately, we've got a list of about... I shit you not...
[SPEAKER_11]: More than 25 waiting.
[SPEAKER_11]: I can't do anything with them because I'm limited.
[SPEAKER_11]: Of course, I don't know what we would do in the PlayStation Home Club.
[SPEAKER_11]: I just want to have a big club.
[SPEAKER_11]: Let's go to DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_11]: Your number two answer for the list.
[SPEAKER_11]: Thing PlayStation Network could do to get you to care.
[SPEAKER_02]: Morph the system into a Dreamcast 2.
[SPEAKER_02]: My husband left in the other room.
[SPEAKER_11]: So it would just instantly transform.
[SPEAKER_11]: And it's a Dreamcast 2.
[SPEAKER_02]: Outstanding.
[SPEAKER_02]: With a big Sega logo flipping off PlayStation.
[SPEAKER_11]: Via a firmware update.
[SPEAKER_02]: Via a firmware update.
[SPEAKER_11]: Alright, MarnMarvel, your number 2 answer.
[SPEAKER_13]: I would like a new attachment for the PS3 that serves frozen yogurt.
[SPEAKER_13]: It doesn't have to be Pinkberry, you know, I'm not a snob here.
[SPEAKER_11]: You're not asking for the world, just frozen yogurt.
[SPEAKER_11]: Alright, I like that.
[SPEAKER_11]: A new attachment that will serve frozen yogurt.
[SPEAKER_11]: I like that answer.
[SPEAKER_11]: Alright, let's see, my number two answer for a thing that they could do to get me to care about PlayStation Network.
[SPEAKER_11]: Guardian Legend 2 released as a PlayStation Network exclusive.
[SPEAKER_11]: Of course the greatest, most underrated 8-bit game of all time, Guardian Legend 2 would have to come out as a PSN exclusive.
[SPEAKER_11]: That was weak.
[SPEAKER_11]: I see what you did there.
[SPEAKER_11]: Good one.
[SPEAKER_11]: Loki, your number two answer.
[SPEAKER_11]: Once again, I'd like to reiterate, I really don't care.
[SPEAKER_12]: Thanks for watching!
[SPEAKER_12]: See, I never understood that.
[SPEAKER_12]: Let's just get rid of the whole Linux support instead of, I don't know, patching it so that it doesn't allow people to hack us.
[SPEAKER_11]: You know, I can't for the life of me believe that amongst all this talk of frozen yogurt and mind control, Loki is the voice of reason tonight here on Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_11]: I don't care.
[SPEAKER_11]: Am I in Bizarro World?
[SPEAKER_11]: I don't want anything from them.
[SPEAKER_12]: What do I want?
[SPEAKER_12]: It's like a blowjob.
[SPEAKER_12]: That's what you want.
[SPEAKER_12]: No, I...
[SPEAKER_12]: Sony Blowjob, really?
[SPEAKER_12]: That would be unsatisfying, I can tell you that much.
[SPEAKER_11]: Alright, here's the list as it is so far.
[SPEAKER_12]: We disabled the good feature, you know.
[SPEAKER_11]: We disabled the humming feature.
[SPEAKER_11]: Mind Control via Nanobots.
[SPEAKER_11]: We disabled the feature that will swallow.
[SPEAKER_11]: Alright now, Mind Control via Nanobots, Give us a year of free credit reporting, PlayStation 2 emulator downloading, upping the cap of members allowed in home clubs, morph the system into a Dreamcast 2, new attachment that serves frozen yogurt, Guardian Legend 2 PlayStation Network exclusive, and bring back the other OS feature.
[SPEAKER_11]: Alright, let's go around and get the number one answers!
[SPEAKER_11]: from the folks here in studio.
[SPEAKER_11]: DarkSakura, number one thing that could bring you back.
[SPEAKER_14]: A year of Pinkberry.
[SPEAKER_11]: A year of Pinkberry.
[SPEAKER_11]: Would this actually come out of the PlayStation 3 like Marvel suggested or would this be just a coupon redeemable at your local store?
[SPEAKER_02]: It would be like a card that's got like 365 charges on it for Pinkberry.
[SPEAKER_11]: I see.
[SPEAKER_02]: Because I like going to Pinkberry and listening to the music.
[SPEAKER_11]: All right.
[SPEAKER_11]: Mar and Marvel, your number three answer.
[SPEAKER_13]: How about some free download content for people who, for like, you know, co-op games and games that you play online.
[SPEAKER_13]: So since people have missed all that kind of stuff during this whole debacle, they can get some free download content and make up for not shooting things.
[SPEAKER_11]: I'm sorry, of course that's the number one answer.
[SPEAKER_11]: I just shortened that to free download content of good games.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_11]: As opposed to like, you know, Undertow.
[SPEAKER_11]: Free download content of good games My number one answer to the question By the way, I have to read this comment from Salacious Pop A Sony blowjob is $30 more expensive from a similar competent brand and the no toothy head feature has to be ordered from a neighboring store and costs even more
[SPEAKER_11]: My number one answer for a thing PlayStation Network needs when it comes back to make me care about it again.
[SPEAKER_11]: Drumroll, please.
[SPEAKER_11]: Gay pornography.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yay!
[SPEAKER_02]: Which is even more funny than straight pornography.
[SPEAKER_11]: Alright, that was my number one answer.
[SPEAKER_11]: Gay pornography would get me to care.
[SPEAKER_11]: Selling gay porn on the end... Okay, so all you straight guys at home, they're going, eh, fine.
[SPEAKER_11]: Lesbian porn, galore.
[SPEAKER_11]: Lesbos R Us is what the PlayStation Store renames itself to.
[SPEAKER_11]: Enjoy.
[SPEAKER_11]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_11]: Loki, your number one answer for the thing PlayStation Network could do to get you back.
[SPEAKER_12]: Just don't give a fuck about it.
[SPEAKER_12]: Um...
[SPEAKER_12]: You know, this doesn't even have to be free, and it's not even necessarily something that they give to me, but it'd be kind of cool if they put out a new AIBO, I guess.
[SPEAKER_12]: I mean, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_11]: Really, Loki?
[SPEAKER_11]: Why not?
[SPEAKER_11]: Okay, everybody, point and laugh at Loki.
[SPEAKER_12]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_12]: I just, like, I don't care that their network's down because they never used it.
[SPEAKER_11]: So the thing you want most in the world, Loki, is a new eyeball.
[SPEAKER_12]: Not really.
[SPEAKER_12]: Actually, I would like... No, scratch that.
[SPEAKER_12]: Screw the eyeball thing.
[SPEAKER_12]: Alright, alright.
[SPEAKER_12]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_12]: Thing I would like most from Sony.
[SPEAKER_12]: Thing from Sony.
[SPEAKER_12]: They have really no power to do this, but I would like the Clerks animated series back on air.
[SPEAKER_12]: So maybe they could make that happen.
[SPEAKER_12]: That would be awesome.
[SPEAKER_11]: Alright, so get the Clerks animated series back on air.
[SPEAKER_11]: Alright, much better answer.
[SPEAKER_11]: Alright, so let's recap the list.
[SPEAKER_11]: Here comes the hard part, you guys.
[SPEAKER_11]: We gotta take one off the list.
[SPEAKER_11]: I'm sorry, it's just the way it works.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's a
[SPEAKER_11]: It's tough love, folks.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's tough love.
[SPEAKER_11]: Here's the list as it stands so far.
[SPEAKER_11]: Mind Control via Nanobots.
[SPEAKER_11]: Give us a year of free credit reporting.
[SPEAKER_11]: PlayStation 2 emulator downloading.
[SPEAKER_11]: Upping the cap of members allowed in home clubs.
[SPEAKER_11]: Morph the system into a Dreamcast 2.
[SPEAKER_11]: New attachment that serves frozen yogurt Guardian Legend 2 PSN exclusive Bring back the other OS feature Did I cut out for a minute?
[SPEAKER_11]: Sorry Bring back the other OS feature A year of Pinkberry Free download content of good games Gay pornography And Clerks animated series back on air
[SPEAKER_11]: These are all things that could actually happen.
[SPEAKER_12]: I like how SSJ100Matt says, won't happen, Disney has the rights to it.
[SPEAKER_12]: Who said this is realistic at all?
[SPEAKER_11]: SSJ100Matt, this is what we want.
[SPEAKER_11]: I don't give a shit that Disney owns it.
[SPEAKER_11]: Make it happen.
[SPEAKER_11]: By the way, let's read some of the comments from chat here.
[SPEAKER_11]: Let's see, what were some of the stuff?
[SPEAKER_11]: Breakman says, Kazurai kills a puppy anytime someone mentions free games on his network.
[SPEAKER_11]: That's not an answer.
[SPEAKER_11]: We wouldn't want to kill puppies.
[SPEAKER_11]: That's not going to get us to do anything.
[SPEAKER_11]: Bonds006 agrees, make PS3 backward compatible.
[SPEAKER_11]: SJ100Matt, make President Cat playable for the move.
[SPEAKER_11]: DarkTetsuya says, make PlayStation Network out of bacon.
[SPEAKER_11]: Uh...
[SPEAKER_11]: Lots of good answers there in chat, but unfortunately we've got to go through the list and figure out what is not worthy of the list.
[SPEAKER_11]: So DarkSakura, which of these items is not worthy of the list?
[SPEAKER_11]: It's going to be tough.
[SPEAKER_11]: bring back the other OS because I don't give a shit she's striking what is probably the most logical answer on the entire list bring back the other OS feature it has been stricken from the list alright, Mar and Marvel hopefully you have the list in your mind you know what you want to take off which one of these is not worthy of the list well personally I don't want my brain controlled by nanobots so I'm going to have to go with that one
[SPEAKER_11]: The attachment that serves frozen yogurt could serve Pinkberry, I'm just saying.
[SPEAKER_11]: The PS3 is too hot.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's a George Foreman grill.
[SPEAKER_11]: So it has been removed from the list.
[SPEAKER_11]: Sorry, Mario Marvel.
[SPEAKER_11]: All right, Loki, which one of these is not worthy of the list?
[SPEAKER_12]: That's a lot.
[SPEAKER_12]: No offense.
[SPEAKER_12]: I'm going to have to say... So wrong, but... Yeah, I'm going to have to say free download content of good games because there's no such thing.
[SPEAKER_12]: Oh.
[SPEAKER_12]: It's just, come on, that's a cheap way of free download content.
[SPEAKER_12]: Here's a dollar!
[SPEAKER_11]: Screw that.
[SPEAKER_11]: Alright, so here is the list as it is right now.
[SPEAKER_11]: Give us a year of free credit reporting.
[SPEAKER_11]: PlayStation 2 emulator downloading.
[SPEAKER_11]: Oh, I should have done that one.
[SPEAKER_11]: Upping the cap of members allowed in home clubs.
[SPEAKER_11]: Morph the system into a Dreamcast 2.
[SPEAKER_11]: GuardianLegend2 PlayStation Network Exclusive, A Year of Pinkberry, Gay Pornography, and Clerks Animated Series Back on Air.
[SPEAKER_11]: How did gay pornography survive?
[SPEAKER_11]: Well, I don't know, but it's your turn to vote.
[SPEAKER_11]: There's the list in the chatroom.
[SPEAKER_11]: Send a private message to Sky with your vote with your number one and number two most wanted answer.
[SPEAKER_11]: Please label your one and two choices as one is worth more.
[SPEAKER_11]: So there you go.
[SPEAKER_11]: Send a private message.
[SPEAKER_11]: We'll tally them all up, and we'll let you know the winners right after the mailbag.
[SPEAKER_11]: Woot!
[SPEAKER_11]: Mara Marvel, though, as for now, we are going to go ahead and say goodbye.
[SPEAKER_11]: But thank you so much for playing with us tonight.
[SPEAKER_13]: No problem.
[SPEAKER_11]: I'm sorry half your list got eliminated, but that's what happens sometimes.
[SPEAKER_13]: Yeah, it's all right.
[SPEAKER_11]: You still did a great job and best of luck, of course, with your other projects.
[SPEAKER_13]: Thank you very much.
[SPEAKER_12]: Ah, fun stuff.
[SPEAKER_12]: Um, so, rumors, we gotta get into more rumors, of course, you know, everybody's, Jones in the sea, what the hell exactly is gonna be, uh, part of the new Wii system?
[SPEAKER_12]: And, uh, there's a lot of speculation out there, a lot of unnamed sources and whatnot, so take this with a big grain of salt, but, um...
[SPEAKER_12]: Apparently, here's some of the rumors.
[SPEAKER_12]: They're saying that it's only going to have 8GB of storage on board.
[SPEAKER_12]: Kind of think of it like the flash-based storage that they had already.
[SPEAKER_12]: They're saying it's going to be augmented, though, by SD card support.
[SPEAKER_12]: So kind of think of it like the Wii was, just a little bit bigger.
[SPEAKER_12]: And 8GB, compare that to, say, the Microsoft Xbox, the new system.
[SPEAKER_12]: That has 4GB built into some of them.
[SPEAKER_12]: So that's not too bad.
[SPEAKER_12]: They're saying that the storage space is going to be on the actual disks.
[SPEAKER_12]: It's going to be using some 25 gigabyte disks.
[SPEAKER_12]: They're saying maybe a single layer Blu-ray disk.
[SPEAKER_12]: Although they're not really saying what type of disk format they're using.
[SPEAKER_12]: also that the 1080p output is not necessarily a definite it might be lower than that 720 or something honestly though if they're going to be pushing visuals that are better than Sony and Microsoft they really do need to do 1080p I think at the very least although they're saying that it might be 1080i come on don't skimp on this shit that's all I gotta say
[SPEAKER_12]: But, of course, we're not going to really know until the damn system comes out.
[SPEAKER_11]: So, let's not wait.
[SPEAKER_11]: Alright, you just have to wait and see.
[SPEAKER_11]: Wait one more month.
[SPEAKER_12]: Exactly.
[SPEAKER_12]: And then, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_12]: It'll be interesting.
[SPEAKER_12]: I have a feeling when I think of Nintendo announcing the system during their press conference, the only word that comes to my mind is disappointment.
[SPEAKER_12]: So, I'm expecting disappointment.
[SPEAKER_11]: All right, well, there is some good news, I guess, to talk about.
[SPEAKER_11]: It does have to do with World of Warcraft, but this is good news.
[SPEAKER_11]: They have released in the World of Warcraft store, their little, I know you all love this word, but microtransaction store they've got going on, between now and July 31st, if you buy their latest in-game pet, which is the Cenarion Hatchling.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's so cute.
[SPEAKER_11]: I believe it's based off an old, old mount that was available at one time, but now it's a little pet.
[SPEAKER_11]: And if you buy this mount, or I'm sorry, excuse me, this pet for $10, 100% of that $10 will be donated to the Red Cross's Japan earthquake and Pacific tsunami relief effort.
[SPEAKER_11]: There was a big call for Blizzard to do something like this because obviously, you know, they've sold mounts and things like that strictly for profit before.
[SPEAKER_11]: They've also done sales where half the profits go to something.
[SPEAKER_11]: And I believe they recently said they sold the Moonkin Hatchling Pet not that long ago and they gave half the proceeds to make a Wish Foundation.
[SPEAKER_11]: And I believe it raised $800,000.
[SPEAKER_11]: So imagine what 100% of the proceeds you're going to raise for this very needed cause.
[SPEAKER_11]: I mean, even now.
[SPEAKER_11]: I realize you're not seeing it every day in the news, but that doesn't mean it was cleaned up overnight and everybody is suddenly all better.
[SPEAKER_11]: That's not how this works.
[SPEAKER_11]: So...
[SPEAKER_11]: DarkSakura.com
[SPEAKER_02]: just for the record I'm not reading anything related to PlayStation Network make that disclaimer ahead of time hey guys it's Blade 3 I just wanted to say thanks for everything again and if you could reprimands I guess reprimand or completely extricated video game or company e.g.
[SPEAKER_02]: EA or Ubisoft or Squeenix and why you would do that okay wait wait which company would we reprimand out of them?
[SPEAKER_02]: And if you could... I'm not getting the context on here.
[SPEAKER_11]: What are we reprimanding them for?
[SPEAKER_11]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_11]: You've been very naughty.
[SPEAKER_11]: I have no idea.
[SPEAKER_02]: We do that all the time anyway.
[SPEAKER_02]: Thanks again, guys.
[SPEAKER_02]: Keep up the fantastic work.
[SPEAKER_02]: And Loki, you rock.
[SPEAKER_02]: Peace, guys.
[SPEAKER_02]: This message is brought to you by Make Employees I Work With.
[SPEAKER_02]: Make rocks look like Einstein.
[SPEAKER_11]: We would reprimand them all when they deserve it.
[SPEAKER_11]: That's how these things work.
[SPEAKER_02]: Hey OLR or OLF, Orange Lunch Foodio.
[SPEAKER_02]: Long time no type, I wanted to show you a picture of a Navajo taco.
[SPEAKER_02]: They're sometimes called Indian tacos.
[SPEAKER_02]: Is there a picture?
[SPEAKER_11]: Oh, this is a follow-up to the email from last week.
[SPEAKER_02]: This image has been removed for security reasons?
[SPEAKER_11]: owned by the security filter.
[SPEAKER_11]: Taco!
[SPEAKER_11]: Hold on, hold on.
[SPEAKER_11]: There's an easy solution to this.
[SPEAKER_11]: Watch.
[SPEAKER_11]: Find your taco.
[SPEAKER_11]: I'm going to go to google.com and I'm going to click on images and then I'm going to type Navajo taco.
[SPEAKER_11]: I'm going to hit enter and there it is.
[SPEAKER_11]: Oh, yum.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's like a, oh, this is like a Mexican pizza type of thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let me finish reading this.
[SPEAKER_11]: Then you think of that Taco Bell entree, which is not the same.
[SPEAKER_11]: Okay, I get it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Sometimes you can fold them and eat them like an actual taco.
[SPEAKER_02]: Some people use a fork and knife if they're too big.
[SPEAKER_02]: I usually eat them like a pizza.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, Rob, your comparison was astute.
[SPEAKER_02]: When I introduce someone to a Navajo taco, they fall in love.
[SPEAKER_02]: If you want to try one, I suggest checking out the next powwow that might be in your area.
[SPEAKER_02]: You know what?
[SPEAKER_02]: Now that you mention it, I have had one before.
[SPEAKER_02]: I had one in Alabama at the Creek Indian Powwow.
[SPEAKER_02]: But that's not what they were called.
[SPEAKER_02]: You can find people making these tacos there most of the time.
[SPEAKER_02]: Don't get them from any carnival or fairs.
[SPEAKER_02]: They're not usually the best tasting there.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's all I wanted to share.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'll let you guys get back to gaming.
[SPEAKER_02]: Happy eating.
[SPEAKER_02]: AJ Twist of Unfocused Podcast.
[SPEAKER_11]: Well, thank you for the email.
[SPEAKER_11]: And that Navajo taco did look yummy.
[SPEAKER_02]: I really, really freaking want a taco, Rob.
[SPEAKER_11]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_02]: I disagree with some of the choices, which are moot points.
[SPEAKER_02]: The one I think is obviously a wrong pick is Pac-Man for the Atari 2600.
[SPEAKER_02]: I have a big critique about the lack of advanced techniques for graphics and the overly short development cycle for that game.
[SPEAKER_02]: Seriously, I hope that they show the progression of detail shifting from highly stylized artwork like on Adventure or Haunted House to in-game art.
[SPEAKER_02]: I always kind of wish that they'd make a new Space Invaders with the Yeti-like aliens throwing lightning bolts from the side of the arcade cabinet.
[SPEAKER_02]: I also hope they show the graphic art design on different publishers' game boxes.
[SPEAKER_02]: I will definitely go see the exhibit.
[SPEAKER_02]: Pictures.
[SPEAKER_02]: Don't care.
[SPEAKER_02]: Sony's getting sued.
[SPEAKER_02]: Of course.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like I said, I'm not reading anything about the PlayStation.
[SPEAKER_02]: Ho and Spazinator sends a follow-up email.
[SPEAKER_11]: That's the one that... The one on Monday he said not to read.
[SPEAKER_11]: Disregard it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_02]: I just had everything pulled up.
[SPEAKER_02]: More about PlayStation.
[SPEAKER_02]: Sorry, Rababa.
[SPEAKER_02]: Last email to Sky, DarkSakura, and Loki.
[SPEAKER_02]: Have you ever bought a game just for the sake of having it?
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, yeah, you bought the game to play it, but you bought it more for the fact of having it for your collection than to actually play it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Thanks.
[SPEAKER_02]: Peace out, Ranma.
[SPEAKER_11]: Good question.
[SPEAKER_02]: I have all the time.
[SPEAKER_02]: I got Dan Gunstar Heroes on Game Gear, and I don't think he's opened it yet.
[SPEAKER_11]: I got a Forgotten Realms D&D game because it came with a gaming module.
[SPEAKER_11]: It was a big PC one.
[SPEAKER_11]: at the first umlaut I bought collector's editions of Burning Crusade and Wrath of the Lich King granted the Burning Crusade one was all autographed but I gave it to someone for a Christmas present and then I kept the Wrath of the Lich King one which I actually still haven't even used because I already had it so I just bought it for the I actually do have my Final Fantasy XI beta discs still nice yeah
[SPEAKER_11]: Loki, anything you've ever bought just to have for your collection?
[SPEAKER_11]: Like, I don't know, a Japanese 3DS?
[SPEAKER_10]: Motorstorm Apocalypse.
[SPEAKER_11]: And not play it?
[SPEAKER_12]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_12]: Well, I bought like three copies of Earth Defense Force, but they were cheap.
[SPEAKER_12]: I've played this about once or twice, President Cat.
[SPEAKER_12]: Nice.
[SPEAKER_02]: I want to borrow it.
[SPEAKER_12]: Sure.
[SPEAKER_02]: If we can get it to work on my system.
[SPEAKER_12]: Can't.
[SPEAKER_12]: Without a mod chip.
[SPEAKER_11]: Well, then she's going to have to borrow the Wii, too.
[SPEAKER_11]: Can't.
[SPEAKER_11]: Wife is playing Animal Crossing.
[SPEAKER_11]: Don't.
[SPEAKER_11]: All right.
[SPEAKER_11]: Is that it for emails?
[SPEAKER_11]: That's it.
[SPEAKER_11]: Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
[SPEAKER_11]: Now, I know you're all dying to know the results of tonight's list list, so let's get to the results.
[SPEAKER_11]: We have the definitive list, you guys.
[SPEAKER_11]: This is it.
[SPEAKER_11]: These are the three things we want.
[SPEAKER_11]: Actually, it's four tonight because there was a tie.
[SPEAKER_11]: But these are the things that we demand for us to care about PlayStation Network when it comes back up online.
[SPEAKER_11]: Number three, a PlayStation 2 emulator download.
[SPEAKER_11]: That's the number three.
[SPEAKER_11]: Number two, it's a tie!
[SPEAKER_11]: The number two thing you most want that will bring you back to PlayStation Network, the Clerks animated series back on the air, and gay pornography!
[SPEAKER_11]: Yay, porn!
[SPEAKER_11]: And the number one thing that could get you to come back and give a shit about PlayStation is if it were to morph into a Dreamcast 2!
[SPEAKER_11]: Yay!
[SPEAKER_11]: Dreamcast!
[SPEAKER_11]: BANG!
[SPEAKER_02]: Not funny.
[SPEAKER_11]: Black Wolf says, I voted for lesbian porn.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's lady gay.
[SPEAKER_11]: Same diff.
[SPEAKER_11]: Gay with boobs.
[SPEAKER_11]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_11]: I'm moving on.
[SPEAKER_11]: These are all formalities.
[SPEAKER_11]: We're going to get to the ranty part of the show.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's the part of the show we call the FUs of the week.
[SPEAKER_11]: Rawr.
[SPEAKER_11]: DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_02]: F you to me not having any tacos right now.
[SPEAKER_02]: I really want fish tacos from Carolinas, but I don't want to drive out and get them.
[SPEAKER_11]: I got you that last week.
[SPEAKER_02]: I know.
[SPEAKER_02]: Taco.
[SPEAKER_02]: And finals.
[SPEAKER_02]: Freaking finals and four hour rendering in Maya.
[SPEAKER_02]: Bite my butt.
[SPEAKER_12]: Loki.
[SPEAKER_12]: My head hurts.
[SPEAKER_12]: Guess F you to that.
[SPEAKER_11]: I guess this show makes your head hurt yes my FU goes to myself for staying up until 4.30 in the morning yesterday I was driving home from the Bay Area very late that was kind of dumb but I slept until noon today and that part was awesome
[SPEAKER_11]: There we go, that's CFU's of the week.
[SPEAKER_11]: Just a couple more stories for you guys, and then the Skype line.
[SPEAKER_11]: We're going to open it up at 1-877-GAME-OLR or a username on Skype.
[SPEAKER_11]: Orange Lounge Radio will be open just after a couple more stories.
[SPEAKER_11]: Loki?
[SPEAKER_12]: One thing Nintendo, I guess, was bad about for this generation of games was launching really big titles around when third parties are launching their really big titles.
[SPEAKER_12]: 3DS, Super Mario, Mario Kart
[SPEAKER_12]: They said they want other companies to be successful.
[SPEAKER_12]: In order to accomplish this goal, they're going to decide on dates after they know what the release plans of other companies are so that they can be considerate to them and so that they can all maximize their sales for the short term.
[SPEAKER_12]: So that's kind of cool, at least.
[SPEAKER_12]: How considerate.
[SPEAKER_12]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_12]: Well, I guess that's one way to help get third parties on board for your new system.
[SPEAKER_12]: Not fucking them over like that.
[SPEAKER_12]: That'd be awesome.
[SPEAKER_11]: Awesome.
[SPEAKER_11]: Alright, well, one more story for you guys, and it has to do with a useless peripheral!
[SPEAKER_11]: Yay!
[SPEAKER_11]: This is a peripheral by CTA Digital, and it's going to cost you $13.
[SPEAKER_11]: Guess what it is?
[SPEAKER_11]: It's a steering wheel for Kinect!
[SPEAKER_12]: You know, that's not as bad as the inflatable boat.
[SPEAKER_11]: The inflatable boat?
[SPEAKER_11]: That thing was fucking awesome.
[SPEAKER_11]: But here it is.
[SPEAKER_11]: This is the coolest thing about it.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's translucent.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's a see-through steering wheel because, I guess, with the Kinect, you don't want the Kinect to see the steering wheel.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's only going to see your hands.
[SPEAKER_12]: Okay, who drives with a steering wheel up at their face?
[SPEAKER_12]: I mean, are you...
[SPEAKER_12]: I'm not going to mention anything because that's just only going to be racist if I do anything like that.
[SPEAKER_11]: I just drive with one hand on the steering wheel usually, but Kinect doesn't recognize that.
[SPEAKER_11]: I have to drive like a regular person, like 10 and 2.
[SPEAKER_11]: You have to drive like you're a bad actor.
[SPEAKER_11]: Exactly.
[SPEAKER_11]: So there you go.
[SPEAKER_11]: Make sure you pre-order that right away.
[SPEAKER_12]: Hey, guess what, folks?
[SPEAKER_12]: If you want to be able to do such things as drive without, you know...
[SPEAKER_12]: DarkSakura.com
[SPEAKER_02]: They need to power me with tacos.
[SPEAKER_11]: 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_11]: By the way, Black Wolf wants to clarify in the chat room, I tried playing Joyride using the Mario Kart Wii wheel and it didn't work.
[SPEAKER_11]: So that's why it's translucent.
[SPEAKER_11]: I see.
[SPEAKER_11]: We'll trick those infrared beams after all.
[SPEAKER_11]: Alright, the calls are coming in already.
[SPEAKER_11]: Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_11]: Who's this?
[SPEAKER_11]: Hey, it's your local plug whore, Ranma.
[SPEAKER_11]: Of course you get in the Skype line first too.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's like you have a gift.
[SPEAKER_11]: Alright, what's on your mind, buddy?
[SPEAKER_08]: Before I begin, I just got one thing to say, Rob.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_08]: A blender?
[SPEAKER_08]: Really?
[SPEAKER_08]: What's wrong with the blender?
[SPEAKER_08]: This just proves to me that you have been listening to the show.
[SPEAKER_11]: I will confirm or deny nothing.
[SPEAKER_08]: Okay, I'm going to make this quick and move it along, okay?
[SPEAKER_08]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_08]: Alright, first thing, in response about Nintendo's next-gen controller, I would be just happy if they just took the original Super NES controller, put two analog sticks on there, and a little touchscreen, and I'll be happy.
[SPEAKER_12]: Okay, touchscreen, I don't really see the point of that, but if you need a Super Nintendo controller with two analog sticks, that would be called a classic controller.
[SPEAKER_11]: That's all we need But I can understand I'd be happy with a Super Nintendo controller with a fleshlight attachment That's what I'd be happy with Oh god Nintendo's gonna deliver an experience like never before This system's only adults only Fuck you kids, we don't need you anymore You said we weren't hardcore enough?
[SPEAKER_11]: Well fuck you No, seriously, fuck you
[SPEAKER_11]: I'm waving the flag over here.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's the Nintendo Fuck You coming out this Christmas.
[SPEAKER_11]: That's a pretty catchy name.
[SPEAKER_12]: Where were we?
[SPEAKER_12]: I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_12]: It's CeeLo Green to sing the theme song.
[SPEAKER_12]: Oh, God.
[SPEAKER_12]: Ah, yes.
[SPEAKER_11]: Hold on, I'm sorry for the dead air here, but I'm setting something up here.
[SPEAKER_11]: Hold on, here we go.
[SPEAKER_11]: All right, let's see here if I can... Oh, goddammit, I can't... Okay, here we go.
[SPEAKER_11]: Ah!
[SPEAKER_11]: Never mind, the joke's derailed now.
[SPEAKER_11]: All right, what do you want... Oh, there we go.
[SPEAKER_10]: Coming this Christmas from Nintendo.
[SPEAKER_10]: The company that brought you such hardcore games as The Legend of Zelda.
[SPEAKER_10]: It's the Nintendo, fuck you!
[SPEAKER_08]: What were you calling about?
[SPEAKER_08]: Touchscreens, but on retrospect of that, I said the next gen console should be called the Nintendo.
[SPEAKER_08]: Simple as that.
[SPEAKER_12]: It's gonna be something really retarded like Nintendo HD or like...
[SPEAKER_11]: I mean, because seriously, the DS, the 3DS, I mean... I would... If they're going with this whole Facebook route, I would say it's going to be called Nintendo.com.
[SPEAKER_11]: Will be the name of the system.
[SPEAKER_12]: Games.com.
[SPEAKER_12]: Wait, wait, wait.
[SPEAKER_12]: Here's how it will be.
[SPEAKER_12]: The Nintendo HD.
[SPEAKER_12]: So HD, lowercase i, lowercase i. What?
[SPEAKER_12]: Get it?
[SPEAKER_12]: It's like the Wii.
[SPEAKER_12]: Nintendo HD.
[SPEAKER_12]: Oh, HD.
[SPEAKER_12]: Oh.
[SPEAKER_11]: What do they need to put in a Nintendo console to make you really excited, Ranma?
[SPEAKER_11]: Or are you just excited on principle?
[SPEAKER_08]: I want more 2D Mario Brothers because I'm sick of the 3D Mario games.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_08]: I thought Mario 64 was great, and then I got tired of it.
[SPEAKER_08]: You mean to tell me I'm sitting here going through the level eight times to get these stars.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's it.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm done.
[SPEAKER_08]: No more of that.
[SPEAKER_11]: Yeah, well, what about all those people that are like, Mario 64 is the best game ever made?
[SPEAKER_11]: I'm going to plead the Fifth Amendment on that one.
[SPEAKER_11]: Oh, that means I should play the CeeLo song again.
[SPEAKER_11]: All right.
[SPEAKER_11]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_11]: All right, well, any other thoughts for the listeners tonight?
[SPEAKER_08]: Oh, yeah, I did find out something that before Activision canceled the entire Guitar Hero franchise, they were actually working on one more game.
[SPEAKER_11]: Well, now, it could come back someday.
[SPEAKER_11]: They've left the door open a crack.
[SPEAKER_11]: They haven't shut the door on it completely.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yes, it's called Guitar Hero, Grateful Dead Edition.
[SPEAKER_08]: It comes with five songs, 20 minutes each, and the collector's edition comes with a one-pound bag of weed.
[SPEAKER_11]: I was going to say, the punchline has to be like a pound of coke or a pound of weed.
[SPEAKER_08]: The Motley Crue version comes with a one-pound bag of crack.
[SPEAKER_02]: And a straw.
[SPEAKER_11]: Now that's living the rock star experience.
[SPEAKER_11]: All right.
[SPEAKER_11]: On that note, Ranma, we'll let you go.
[SPEAKER_11]: Bye.
[SPEAKER_11]: Take care.
[SPEAKER_11]: 1-877-GAME-OLR.
[SPEAKER_11]: Our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio, but there's already calls coming in.
[SPEAKER_11]: Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_11]: Who's this?
[SPEAKER_11]: Good evening, OLR.
[SPEAKER_11]: This is Blue Swim.
[SPEAKER_11]: Hey, Blue Swim.
[SPEAKER_11]: What's on your mind, buddy?
[SPEAKER_09]: I was wondering if you guys heard about the latest on Techno Kitten Adventure.
[SPEAKER_11]: Is it interesting?
[SPEAKER_11]: I mean, well, I don't want to sound rude, but like, you know, we tried to get all the details a couple months ago and weren't very successful.
[SPEAKER_11]: It was kind of like trying to, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_11]: All right.
[SPEAKER_11]: Well, what's the latest on Techno Kitten Adventure?
[SPEAKER_09]: Actually, it is going mobile.
[SPEAKER_11]: Oh, okay.
[SPEAKER_11]: Yeah, I seem to remember something about the whole thing where they were going to... Yeah, I remember him saying he was trying to strike deals with people like Android and iPhone and all that stuff.
[SPEAKER_11]: So it's going mobile, huh?
[SPEAKER_09]: Yeah, it looks to be iPhone, iPad, iPod Touch, and Windows 7 phone with Android to follow.
[SPEAKER_09]: And it looks like it's going to come out on June 7th.
[SPEAKER_09]: Wow.
[SPEAKER_09]: 99 cents?
[SPEAKER_09]: Um, didn't say anything about price, but it's going to have new levels, new music, new features, and the Xbox version is going to get it as well.
[SPEAKER_09]: Oh, interesting.
[SPEAKER_11]: So they're going to upgrade the existing one or there's going to be an all new one?
[SPEAKER_09]: From what I'm seeing, it looks like it will be upgrading the original on the Xbox Live indie games.
[SPEAKER_11]: Nice, because I already bought that one, so that would be cool.
[SPEAKER_11]: By the way, if you've never played Techno Kitten Adventure, it's a disgustingly simple game.
[SPEAKER_11]: You play a kitten that's flying through the air to techno music, and you just don't want to hit a wall, or you'll hear a little meow.
[SPEAKER_11]: Actually, I should fire up a clip.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's been a couple months, right?
[SPEAKER_11]: We're all ready to hear the song again, right?
[SPEAKER_09]: Hell yeah.
[SPEAKER_11]: Let me fire up YouTube here.
[SPEAKER_11]: Now, where did you read about this?
[SPEAKER_11]: On his official website?
[SPEAKER_11]: Do you subscribe to the dude's blog?
[SPEAKER_09]: Actually, I saw it on the official Techno Kitten Adventure Twitter feed.
[SPEAKER_09]: I think it's Iken has kitten or something like that.
[SPEAKER_09]: And it's linking to an article on No Gamer Left Behind.
[SPEAKER_11]: All right, well, here you go.
[SPEAKER_11]: If you have never played Techno Kitten Adventure before, then you're missing out on this.
[SPEAKER_11]: Blue Swim, I just couldn't believe that guy made this game because that guy, when we interviewed him, sounded like he'd been playing a lot of Grateful Dead Guitar Hero, if you know what I mean.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yeah, I mean, have you seen a new screenshot?
[SPEAKER_09]: I haven't.
[SPEAKER_09]: I love them now.
[SPEAKER_11]: So cute.
[SPEAKER_11]: No, I haven't seen the new screenshot.
[SPEAKER_11]: Where are they?
[SPEAKER_09]: I retweeted it on my Twitter feed.
[SPEAKER_09]: Twitter.com slash Blue Swim.
[SPEAKER_09]: Cheap plug, cheap plug.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yes, I know.
[SPEAKER_09]: I'm a graduate of the Mick Foley School of Cheap Pops.
[SPEAKER_11]: All right, let's see.
[SPEAKER_11]: I don't see it yet.
[SPEAKER_11]: It hasn't popped up yet.
[SPEAKER_11]: Hold on, I'm waiting.
[SPEAKER_11]: Wait, just now you did?
[SPEAKER_11]: Or... Oh, no, I see, I see.
[SPEAKER_11]: Oh, there it is.
[SPEAKER_11]: A few days ago.
[SPEAKER_11]: Okay, new screenshots you can has.
[SPEAKER_11]: Oh, now there's pink dolphins and...
[SPEAKER_11]: More rainbows.
[SPEAKER_11]: Quadruple rainbow.
[SPEAKER_11]: What does it mean?
[SPEAKER_11]: Also, there is a little blimp in the screen, and I thought at first it said fart on the blimp, but it actually says party.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's just a little marquee that's scrolling, and it looked like it said fart, but I'd laugh if there was a blimp that randomly flew across the screen and said fart.
[SPEAKER_11]: Looks like the visuals are better.
[SPEAKER_11]: Oh sure, I'm sure they've had a chance to touch it up.
[SPEAKER_12]: But it's not as cool as, what was it, that one kitten that flies around with the rainbow and has an annoying song with it.
[SPEAKER_12]: Same game?
[SPEAKER_12]: No, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_11]: Oh, the unicorn adventure?
[SPEAKER_11]: No, the meme.
[SPEAKER_11]: Oh, I don't remember.
[SPEAKER_12]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_12]: The one that's like, yeah, I forget the song.
[SPEAKER_11]: It was one that was superimposed over the portal lines.
[SPEAKER_11]: Alright, well, Blue Swim, do you have any other things you want to share with us tonight?
[SPEAKER_09]: I think that's about it.
[SPEAKER_11]: Enjoy Technokitten Adventure and don't do drugs.
[SPEAKER_09]: Hey, I don't.
[SPEAKER_09]: I've done them for 24 years and I'm looking to keep that streak going.
[SPEAKER_09]: Take care.
[SPEAKER_11]: You too.
[SPEAKER_11]: Good night, guys.
[SPEAKER_11]: I know he probably doesn't do drugs, but I'm just saying.
[SPEAKER_11]: Oh, they're saying that they should make a game out of Nyan Cat.
[SPEAKER_11]: Is that what you were thinking of earlier?
[SPEAKER_11]: Nyan Cat?
[SPEAKER_11]: Alright, Nyan Cat.
[SPEAKER_11]: That's what it is.
[SPEAKER_11]: Alright, 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_11]: And if you're like one of the two people on the internet who hasn't seen it, here it is just for Loki.
[SPEAKER_11]: I have seen it.
[SPEAKER_11]: But it's a thing.
[SPEAKER_12]: That's much cooler than Technicut and Adventure.
[SPEAKER_12]: Can you imagine a game based off that?
[SPEAKER_11]: 1 April Fools.
[SPEAKER_11]: I just want to do the whole show with this in the background.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's pretty awesome.
[SPEAKER_11]: Admit it, you're singing along now.
[SPEAKER_11]: Hey, Thomas Howard, sing over that.
[SPEAKER_11]: Let's go to the phones.
[SPEAKER_11]: Hi, you're on Orange Lodge Radio.
[SPEAKER_11]: Who's this?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, it's Legend of Zaku here.
[SPEAKER_01]: Hey, Zaku, what's on your mind, buddy?
[SPEAKER_01]: Nothing much, just trying to get all my chilling and relaxing before work tomorrow.
[SPEAKER_01]: But more importantly, trying to see if I could compare two parallels for you.
[SPEAKER_01]: In terms of what I've heard last night and what I've seen this weekend.
[SPEAKER_01]: Case in point, Konami basically stagnating on DDR and Activision whoring out Call of Duty.
[SPEAKER_01]: And Guitar Hero, and basically any franchises that touch it.
[SPEAKER_01]: And to that point, it's like... The way I see it is that the only way Konami could really dig that franchise out of the grave, more or less, is that they have to move beyond the four arrows.
[SPEAKER_01]: I know some people are just going to be... They're basically going to eat me alive for what I'm saying, but if you look at the way Harmonix managed to take advantage of Kinect and run with it, it's pretty apparent that physical controls are no longer...
[SPEAKER_01]: They no longer apply.
[SPEAKER_01]: As long as a camera is able to do all the work for you.
[SPEAKER_01]: If you agree,
[SPEAKER_11]: So you think that the cameras should just do everything and that there's no need for a dance pad anymore?
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, it's not even that.
[SPEAKER_01]: They need more modern controls.
[SPEAKER_01]: If you're still relying on a panel with four sensors to actually register input, then you're still stuck in the past when people have arms and legs that you should be able to capture.
[SPEAKER_01]: Either through the camera or some other panel that doesn't have any intricate parts like that.
[SPEAKER_11]: Hasn't DDR kind of tried the whole, like, arms and legs thing before, though?
[SPEAKER_11]: I feel like every DDR game does something with the gimmicks.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, once again, they just... It's not even gimmicky in the sense, you have to, like, if you look at how Dance Central's only, like, you're only, you're standing up while dancing, essentially.
[SPEAKER_01]: If you were able to create a version, you know, a future dancing game that not only did that, but allowed you to do breakdancing moves, which is, like, really, really wishful thinking I'm pulling out right now.
[SPEAKER_01]: That would be a killer feature.
[SPEAKER_12]: Now, why don't we just give them the choice?
[SPEAKER_12]: You know, the choose between doing... Now I understand that Konami's kind of... Eh, when it comes to implementing stuff.
[SPEAKER_01]: They're basically taking the same thing, applying the same methods, and expecting different results.
[SPEAKER_01]: That, my friends, is insanity.
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, something has to give.
[SPEAKER_01]: Because at this point, I somewhat care about DDR, but it's not important anymore.
[SPEAKER_01]: I've moved on in that sense.
[SPEAKER_01]: Ever since CF closed back home in New York City, it's just like it doesn't matter.
[SPEAKER_01]: I wouldn't give two shits right now.
[SPEAKER_01]: Other people may feel different, but that's them, and that's because they're still holding on.
[SPEAKER_01]: Last time I was on a dance pad was a few weeks ago, and before that, months.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm going without DDR.
[SPEAKER_01]: At this point, I'm fine.
[SPEAKER_01]: It won't kill me if I don't play.
[SPEAKER_01]: Not that addictive.
[SPEAKER_01]: Thank you for watching!
[SPEAKER_11]: Well, Zach, let me ask you a question.
[SPEAKER_11]: Isn't it okay to let the franchise die?
[SPEAKER_11]: I mean, like, for example, Combat on the Atari 2600.
[SPEAKER_11]: You know what?
[SPEAKER_11]: It's just done.
[SPEAKER_11]: There's never going to be another one.
[SPEAKER_11]: Let's just let it be.
[SPEAKER_11]: I mean, is it okay to just say, you know what?
[SPEAKER_11]: We don't need DDR anymore.
[SPEAKER_11]: We have stuff like Dance Central or we have other dance games.
[SPEAKER_11]: I mean, can't we just let bygones be bygones, so to speak?
[SPEAKER_01]: I guess what Konami needs to do is, like, maybe, I don't know if they should retire the series, but try to move it on with a more spiritual successor.
[SPEAKER_01]: Something that really isn't DDR, but it's the next evolution in that whole genre.
[SPEAKER_11]: Well, isn't that supposed to be what Dance Masters is?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, but that one was a rushed job.
[SPEAKER_01]: They didn't really think it out because it was just a simple grab for money as a Kinect launch title.
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, now that the cat's already out of the bag... I know, the cat is out of the bag.
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, Konami really needs to take a good look at what, you know, what they can do to differentiate themselves from the competition and still be profitable.
[SPEAKER_01]: I know it's a Herculean task, but, I mean, it worked for Harmonix in trying to, you know, to win over Guitar Hero folks in Rock Band, because that one, you know, the innovation right there was just, you know, add more peripherals, and from there, add more DLC.
[SPEAKER_01]: and so forth and try to bring more realism into that experience.
[SPEAKER_01]: Trying to bring an experience into their living rooms.
[SPEAKER_11]: Or an arcade.
[SPEAKER_11]: We gotta let you go so we can get some more calls.
[SPEAKER_11]: Do you have any final thoughts for us tonight?
[SPEAKER_01]: Let's see.
[SPEAKER_01]: PSN is probably the way I see PSN is like they're gonna need more than a prayer.
[SPEAKER_01]: They're kind of done if they're completely compromised.
[SPEAKER_11]: Alright, Zaku.
[SPEAKER_11]: Well, thank you so much for the call.
[SPEAKER_11]: Have a good one.
[SPEAKER_01]: 2 step in, 1 step out
[SPEAKER_12]: No, I agree with the fact that they just didn't really implement a lot of things well.
[SPEAKER_12]: And I think Dance Masters could be good.
[SPEAKER_12]: It's just they didn't do it right the first time around.
[SPEAKER_12]: There's a lot of things that they glaring omissions that, you know, hey, you know, it'd be fun.
[SPEAKER_12]: It's a way to learn those routines instead of having to play them over and over and over again and fail.
[SPEAKER_12]: DarkSakura wants to start us then.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, apparently Stephen Colbert is part of the Noble Team.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, not actually.
[SPEAKER_02]: What?
[SPEAKER_02]: This actually comes from a joke that he made about Master Chief being one of the original members of SEAL Team 6.
[SPEAKER_02]: And so Bungie pulled off the image and put him on an armored body.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's
[SPEAKER_02]: It's just a mock-up.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's not real, but it was pretty funny.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then there was a quote going around saying that Valve was getting rid of single-player games, but really they're invoking single-player plus to where you have social interactivity in your one-player games.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's it.
[SPEAKER_11]: Loki, you have any final stories or last minute stories for us tonight?
[SPEAKER_12]: Yeah, real quick.
[SPEAKER_12]: I think I mentioned this back a while ago.
[SPEAKER_12]: There was an indie game that was coming out on the Xbox indie marketplace that kind of combined, almost think of it like DDR meets Puzzle Quest.
[SPEAKER_12]: But it's out now, actually.
[SPEAKER_12]: It's called Sequence.
[SPEAKER_12]: And definitely check it out.
[SPEAKER_12]: There's basically three different screens that are available that you switch between.
[SPEAKER_12]: Kind of think of like the Rock Band, PSP, and DS version.
[SPEAKER_12]: And then you, you know, tap up the sequences.
[SPEAKER_12]: And one of them, I think, is like for health regeneration.
[SPEAKER_12]: One's defense.
[SPEAKER_12]: Another is like a magic or attack or something like that.
[SPEAKER_12]: Check it out.
[SPEAKER_12]: It's available right now for $3 or 240 Microsoft points.
[SPEAKER_12]: The title is Sequence.
[SPEAKER_12]: and of course it was announced this week that Nintendo is dropping the price of the Wii Bundle to $150 even though it was rumored so all Wii systems are now going to be $150 they're also putting out a new Wii Bundle that's going to be with Mario Kart and of course the Wii Remote Plus and that kind of stuff available in black and white and they're also going to be selling Wii Sports separate because obviously this does not come with Wii Sports
[SPEAKER_12]: Thanks for watching!
[SPEAKER_12]: Mario Super Sluggers, Wii Sports, and Zelda Twilight Princess Where the fuck is the love for Excite Truck is what I gotta ask
[SPEAKER_12]: But, you know, whatever.
[SPEAKER_12]: And then finally, also in the UK, they're going to be doing the Nintendo Selects as well.
[SPEAKER_12]: They're going to have a little bit different of a lineup, starting with Wii Sports Course, WarioWare Smooth Moves, which is a pretty awesome game, Animal Crossing, and Mario Strikers.
[SPEAKER_12]: Charge, their football game over there.
[SPEAKER_12]: and then I mentioned this on my Twitter feed earlier.
[SPEAKER_12]: Nintendo has conceded that they have struggled with online on the Wii and they promise to improve it with the next system.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, Nintendo.
[SPEAKER_12]: You didn't have to.
[SPEAKER_12]: It says, honestly speaking, the Wii's future could have been different if Nintendo had made better partnerships with outside companies in the field of network services at early stages of penetration of the Wii.
[SPEAKER_12]: Penetration.
[SPEAKER_12]: In other words, Nintendo might have been a little obsessed with the policy.
[SPEAKER_11]: All right.
[SPEAKER_11]: Well, if that does it for Last Minute Stories, then we're going to go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
[SPEAKER_11]: First off, we want to thank you guys for downloading and listening to Orange Lounge Radio this week or tuning in live, whatever the case may be.
[SPEAKER_11]: All we ask, we don't really play commercials except for other podcasts, but we don't make any money off this show.
[SPEAKER_11]: All we ask, tell two friends about the show.
[SPEAKER_11]: Help us spread the word.
[SPEAKER_11]: Even if you don't know who to tell, you can leave us a nice review on iTunes.
[SPEAKER_11]: We've had some wonderful five-star reviews in the past couple weeks.
[SPEAKER_11]: Really appreciate those.
[SPEAKER_11]: They really do go a long way in helping us get visibility and continuing to spread the word of Nyan Cat being played over phone calls.
[SPEAKER_11]: DarkSakura, do you have a final thought for our listeners tonight?
[SPEAKER_02]: I really freaking want a taco.
[SPEAKER_11]: My final thought is I'm gonna just go get a taco.
[SPEAKER_11]: That's what I'm gonna do.
[SPEAKER_11]: Don't make a stinky face at me.
[SPEAKER_11]: Loki, your final thought?
[SPEAKER_11]: I joined Mensa and all I got was this membership card.
[SPEAKER_11]: And discounts off Geico But it's official, you're smart Alright, that's it everybody Have a wonderful week, we are done for the night But yeah, have a good one We'll see you next week, we'll be back to do it all again So join us, bye You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio
[SPEAKER_07]: www.allgames.com
[SPEAKER_11]: Alright, so something special after the credits tonight here on OLR because mostly I'm an idiot and I forgot to play this earlier in the show but of course today is Mother's Day in the United States and I believe other countries too but I want to say a very happy Mother's Day to all the mommies out there all the motherly figures or whoever is considered a mother in your life I want to say a happy Mother's Day to everybody and you know once in a while here on the show we like to do a phone call to mom
[SPEAKER_11]: So I think a couple years ago we called DarkSakura's mom.
[SPEAKER_11]: We've called my mom before.
[SPEAKER_11]: I think even Loki's mom's probably been on the show at some point or another.
[SPEAKER_11]: So tonight I wanted to give you guys an extra surprise.
[SPEAKER_11]: And this is a very special thing for you guys that have listened through the whole thing.
[SPEAKER_11]: You've either stayed up very late with us live or you've listened through the entire podcast.
[SPEAKER_11]: But I promised you at some point I would have my mother review Mortal Kombat.
[SPEAKER_11]: And so I have a clip of my mother watching me play Mortal Kombat.
[SPEAKER_11]: And she actually said, if you put the video on the internet, I will kill you.
[SPEAKER_11]: However, she didn't say I couldn't play the audio for you guys on my radio show.
[SPEAKER_02]: Who's going to tell your mom?
[SPEAKER_11]: Who's going to tell my mom?
[SPEAKER_11]: So here it is, folks.
[SPEAKER_11]: New contest.
[SPEAKER_11]: Who's going to tell Rob's mom?
[SPEAKER_11]: This is the first time my mother watched us play Mortal Kombat.
[SPEAKER_11]: And just for the record, it was Melina versus Stryker.
[SPEAKER_11]: Here we go.
[SPEAKER_11]: Okay, so I'm here with my mommy.
[SPEAKER_11]: Your hair looks fine.
[SPEAKER_11]: Say hi to the internet, mom.
[SPEAKER_04]: Oh, look, there's a big thing sticking out.
[SPEAKER_11]: You're fine.
[SPEAKER_11]: You look fine.
[SPEAKER_04]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_11]: How are you doing?
[SPEAKER_11]: I'm fine.
[SPEAKER_11]: So we wanted to show you a video game.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's a new video game that came out.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's called Mortal Kombat.
[SPEAKER_11]: Have you ever heard of it?
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_11]: And what do you know of it?
[SPEAKER_11]: It's violent.
[SPEAKER_11]: And what do you think about violence in games?
[SPEAKER_04]: I think it's pathetic.
[SPEAKER_11]: Why?
[SPEAKER_04]: because it teaches little kids to be violent.
[SPEAKER_11]: But can't you, like, supervise little kids?
[SPEAKER_04]: Didn't I play Mortal Kombat when I was a kid?
[SPEAKER_04]: No, I supervised kids, but a lot of parents don't.
[SPEAKER_04]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_11]: Well, we just wanted to show you the new game and see what you think of the graphics and the technology.
[SPEAKER_04]: Look at her.
[SPEAKER_04]: She's not even dressed.
[SPEAKER_04]: That's disgusting.
[SPEAKER_04]: I need a comment about that, yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: Let's dance.
[SPEAKER_03]: Her nipples aren't in the right place.
[SPEAKER_03]: If they were, you could see them.
[SPEAKER_04]: Look at her, she's an Amazon.
[SPEAKER_04]: Oh my god, they threw her around.
[SPEAKER_09]: So do you think stage fatality, Rob, or the, uh... I would do her normal one.
[SPEAKER_04]: Is that blood all over the stage?
[SPEAKER_11]: Yep.
[SPEAKER_04]: Oh my god.
[SPEAKER_04]: She hit him right in the cahoongas.
[SPEAKER_04]: What's her name?
[SPEAKER_11]: Melina.
[SPEAKER_04]: What is that she has on?
[SPEAKER_04]: There's some places missing.
[SPEAKER_04]: This is a game that's rated PG-17, right?
[SPEAKER_11]: It's rated M for Mature.
[SPEAKER_04]: Oh, it should be rated No Kids Allowed, really.
[SPEAKER_11]: She's giving him kisses.
[SPEAKER_04]: Kids have no threshold for violence.
[SPEAKER_04]: That's why.
[SPEAKER_04]: Because they're conditioned that way.
[SPEAKER_11]: You got it?
[SPEAKER_11]: So after you beat the guy, you get to... Here's the best part.
[SPEAKER_04]: She's going to take his head off.
[SPEAKER_04]: Oh my god.
[SPEAKER_04]: I knew it.
[SPEAKER_03]: And look at her outfit.
[SPEAKER_03]: Look at that.
[SPEAKER_11]: What did you think?
[SPEAKER_03]: It's disgusting.
[SPEAKER_11]: There you go.
[SPEAKER_11]: I love your mom.
[SPEAKER_02]: My mother reacting to... Okay, so was it the regular outfit or was it like the tape outfit?
[SPEAKER_11]: No, it wasn't the tape outfit.
[SPEAKER_11]: It was her regular little hoochie mama outfit there.
[SPEAKER_02]: Because the tape outfit is worse.
[SPEAKER_11]: Yeah, the tape outfit.
[SPEAKER_11]: We hadn't unlocked that yet.
[SPEAKER_11]: We haven't gotten to the top of the tower.
[SPEAKER_11]: I think Alan's on like challenge 120 or something.
[SPEAKER_11]: So there you go.
[SPEAKER_11]: My mother seeing Mortal Kombat for the very first time.
[SPEAKER_14]: Have a wonderful night, everybody.